Chapter 11. Who stole the fruit pies?


When they arrived, King Hart and Queen were seated in the King's Chair, and there were countless groups gathered around them… 
They were all small birds or small animals. Of course, there were a lot of card soldiers.
Jack was standing in front of them, wrapped in a chain, watched by soldiers on both sides. 
Close to the king was a white rabbit holding a trumpet in one hand and a long scroll parchment in the other.
In the middle of the courtroom was a table with a large plate of fruit pies, which looked so appetizing that Alice swallowed her dream…
'The trial is over soon,' thought Alice. "I wish they would give us food!"
But it didn't seem to happen at all, so Alice started looking all around her and the waiting time went by so quickly.
Alice had never been to court in her life. I just read that there was such a thing in the book.
But she was very happy that she managed to get the names of everything there.
"That must be the judge," she said to herself. "Because you're wearing a long wig."
But it turned out that the judge was none other than the king. He was wearing a crown over a wig. The king really didn't look comfortable at all. It certainly didn't seem comfortable.
"And that must be the jury," thought Alice. 'That's where 12 different animals and birds are sitting.’
She did say animals and birds because a lot of the jury were really animals and the rest were birds.
"Yes, they must be jurors."
She repeated this last word two or three more times, because she was surprised that she guessed it at once. Because if Alice was a girl her age, she would never know what a jury was.
But it would be better if you said jurors.
Now the 12 jurors were busy writing something on their respective stone tablets.
"What the hell are you writing?" Alice whispered to Griffin. "The trial hasn't even started yet, but what are they writing so hard?"
"I'm writing down my names," Griffin whispered back. "Because you may forget your name even before the trial is over."
"Silly!" said Alice angrily, loudly, and hurriedly shut her mouth.
Because the white rabbit screamed.
"Quiet in court!"
The king also wore glasses and looked around anxiously to see who was so noisy. 


Alice looked over the shoulders of the jurors and they were all writing "Silly!" on their stone tablets. Besides, none of them knew the word "fool" properly, so they were busy copying the jury next to each other.
Alice thought, "I wonder if I could write it down until the end of the trial if it was really that way!"
One of the jurors was using a pencil with a very squeaky sound, and Alice, who couldn't stand this squeak, turned around the court and quickly snatched it back from the jury.
Alice took the pencil so quickly that the poor juror, little lizard Bill, didn't know what had happened to him at first and kept writing it down, so he looked everywhere for his pencil but couldn't find it and had to write his name on the stone plate all day. You know, there's no way there's a fingerprint on the slate, which means that little lizard Bill's effort was useless.
"Read the charges, messenger!" said the king.
The white rabbit blew the trumpet three times, unfolded the scroll parchment he was holding, and read it as follows…

 

"Her Majesty the Queen of Hearts made fruit pies,
throughout the summer months
Heart Jack stole those fruit pies.
Everything is a sin!"

 

"The jury should give their verdicts," the king told the jury.
"Not yet, not yet!" said the White Rabbit, hastily restraining himself. "You have a lot of work to do before that.Yo!"
"Hold up the first witness," said the king. 
Then the White Rabbit blew the trumpet three times and shouted out loud. 
"Hold up the first witness!"
The first witness was a hat seller.
He entered with a teacup in one hand and a piece of bread with butter in the other.
"I'm sorry, Your Majesty," he said. "You brought food. When you sent the messenger, the tea party was not over yet."
"You should have eaten all that," said the king. "When did the tea party start?"
The hat seller looked at the March rabbit. Just in March, a rabbit followed me arm in arm with a hibernating mouse.
"I think it was March 14th," said the Hatter.
"It's the 15th," said Toka in March.
"It will be the 16th," added the hibernating mouse.
"Record it," the king said to the jury, and the jury eagerly wrote down all three dates on the stone plate, added them, and exchanged them for tens of thousands or thousands of won. It didn't make sense. It was a sound. 
"Take off your hat," the king said to the hat dealer.
"It's not mine," said the Hatter.
"You stole it!" the king said aloud, and when he turned around the jury, the jury immediately left a note of it.
"It's all for sale," added the Hatter. "So it's not all mine. I'm a hat seller.”
At this point, Her Majesty found her glasses and began to look closely at the hat seller, and I could see the hat seller's face turning blue and restless.
"Don't be anxious," said the king. "Give me proof. Otherwise, I can't help but sentence you to death.”
This reduced the courage of the Hatter's courage, and now he looked at Her Majesty anxiously, jumping alternately on both eyes. While struggling like this, the hat seller bit into the teacup that he was taking a bite of buttery bread.
At this moment, Alice felt very strange. I was very confused until I realized what it was. It's just that she was starting to get bigger again. She thought she'd get up first and leave the courtroom, but the quickest thought was, "Yeah, you don't have to go out, let's stay until we have room to sit."
"Stop pushing me away, you," said the hibernating mouse sitting right next to him. "I can't breathe because of you."
"I can't help it," said Alice very gently. "Because I'm getting bigger."
"You have no right to grow up here," said the hibernating mouse.
"Nonsense," said Alice, becoming more courageous. "You're getting bigger every day, too.”
"Yes, but it grows at a reasonable rate," said the hibernating mouse. "It's not growing at a vain pace like you."
Then the hibernating mouse jumped up because of a bone and crossed over to the other side of the courtroom.
In the meantime, Her Majesty never took her eyes off the Hatter. Her Majesty, who happened to see the hibernating mouse cross the courtroom, told the court receivership.
"Go and get a list of the singers who sang at the last concert!"
The poor hat seller trembled so much at this order that both shoes were taken off.
"Give me proof," the king shouted again. "Otherwise, you will be put to death whether you are scared or not." 
"Please, Your Majesty, I'm just a poor man," began the Hatter in a trembling voice. "…the tea party was held… Less than a week... It didn't work.Yo, buttered bread is thin like this... Isn't the car shiny?”
"What's shiny?" said the king.
"That's what the car is like," replied the Hatter.
"Of course I know where to use the word sparkle!" the king said sharply. "Do you think I'm a fool now?" Go ahead and tell me!"
"I'm a poor man," continued the Hatter. "I don't have to say that I'm shiny..." So I also heard it from the March rabbit...”
"When did you!" said the March Hare hastily, interrupting.
"You did it!" said the Hatter.


"Denying bio!" said the March rabbit.
"What he just said," said the king. "Remove it from the record."
"Well, anyway, according to what the hibernating mouse said…He continued to talk while looking back, worried that the hat seller would raise an objection and come forward. But the hibernating mouse didn't deny anything, because, you know, it had fallen asleep in the meantime.
"After that," continued the Hatter. "I cut some bread like this and put butter on it…"”
"Wait, what did the hibernator say?" asked one of the jurors.
"I don't remember," said the Hatter.
"Remember," said the king, throwing out a word. "Otherwise, I will put you to death."
The desperate hat seller dropped the teacup and butter bread he was now holding, and sat down on one knee and said, "I'm just a poor man, Your Majesty."
"He's also a very 'talkless' person," said the king.
At this point, one of the guinea pigs cheered, and he was immediately stopped by court receivers. It was a rather arduous process, and somehow, I'll explain, the caretakers first tied the guinea pig's mouth with a string, then put the guinea pig in a large cloth bag from the head, and then the caretakers sat on it. 
'I'm glad to see that,' thought Alice. "I have often read in the newspapers that such a thing happened at the end of the trial. Still, I didn't know what it meant to say, 'There was applause from some of the audience and immediately he was stopped by court officials,' but now I can understand it."
"If you know nothing more about it, you may come down from the witness box," the king continued.
"There's nowhere else to go down," said the Hatter. "I'm still at the bottom as usual."
"Then you may take your seat," replied the king.
Then another guinea pig cheered, and he was immediately stopped.
`Now that all the guinea pigs are finished!' thought Alice. The trial will be easier now.“ 
"I have to finish my tea." said the Hatter to the King, looking very anxiously at Her Majesty, who had been looking closely at the singers' list until then.
"Yes, you may go.When the king said, the hat seller left the court in a hurry, and he was busy running away without anyone else wearing them again.


"As soon as you go out, hit him on the neck just now," the Queen shouted to one of the caretakers. But when I went out the door, the janitor, the hat seller, who had been sniffing, was already gone.
"Call the next witness!" said the king.
The next witness was the Duchess' cook.
She came in with a pepper jar in her hand. 
Even before she could enter, people near the door were sneezing violently at the same time, so Alice immediately recognized who the next witness was.
"Yes, testify," said the king.
"No," said the cook.
For a moment, the king was embarrassed and looked anxiously at the white rabbit. 
Then the white rabbit said in a low voice.
"Your Majesty, you must cross-examine this witness."
"Yes, I see, yes," said the king in a melancholy tone. Then the king looked at the cook with his arms crossed and his eyes almost invisible, and soon spoke in a powerful low voice.
"So what are the fruit pies made of?”
"Usually, with pepper," said the cook.
"It's molasses," said someone behind her in her sleep.
"Arrest that hibernating mouse," she screamed. "Cut off the head of that hibernating mouse! Drag it out! Put him down! Pinch him! Pull out his sideburns!"
The entire courtroom was in a uproar for a moment, but the hibernation mouse was finally caught.
After that, everyone gathered their senses and sat down again, and the chef, who was a witness, disappeared.
"There's nothing to worry about!" the king said as if he was very relieved that she had disappeared. "Okay, I'll call the next witness."
Then the king lowered his voice a tone and said to Her Majesty,
"Honey, you, you should do some cross-examination of the next witness. I've done that trial, and I'm in a lot of course.
When Alice saw the white rabbit looking at the name tag, she felt very curious about who the next witness would be.
"…we haven't had that many witnesses yet," said Alice to herself.
Imagine how surprised Alice herself must have been when the White Rabbit called out the name "Alice!" in a small, sharp voice.