Chapter 7. Strange Tea Party



There was a table set up under the tree in front of the house, where the March Rabbit and the Hatter were drinking tea.
The hibernating mouse sat between them in a deep sleep, and the other two were using it as a cushion, putting their elbows up and exchanging conversations over the pass of the hibernating mouse's head.
'The hibernating mouse looks very uncomfortable,' thought Alice. "If it's just sleeping, there's nothing uncomfortable about it."
The three of them sat together in the corner of the table, even though the table was very large.
They screamed when they saw Alice approaching.
"There's no space! There's no space!
"It's overflowing here!" said Alice angrily, as she went to the big armchair at one end of the table.
"Drink some wine," said the March rabbit, recommending.
Ariels looked around the table, but there was nothing else but a car.
"We don't have any wine," said Alice.
"No," said the March rabbit.
"Isn't it very rude to suggest you drink something you don't have?" said Alice angrily.
"Then it's polite to come and sit down without an invitation," said the March rabbit.
"I didn't know it was your table," said Alice. "It's too big because there are only three people sitting."
"I need to cut my hair," said the Hatter. This is him staring at Alice curiously for a long time. That was the first thing I said.
"You're making such a personal attack," said Alice in a rather harsh tone. "You're so rude."
This remark opened the eyes of the hat seller. But soon he said. "What does a crow resemble a desk?"
`Oh, it's going to be a little fun!' thought Alice. "I guess you're going to start playing a trick game…" I'm sure I'll get them all right," Alice added aloud.
"You think you can find all the answers, don't you?" said the March rabbit.
"Exactly so," said Alice.
"Then tell me what you think it means first," said the March rabbit.
"That," Alice replied hastily. "So… at least I mean… That's what it means, you know."
"What nonsense!" said the Hatter. "You're saying this now. 'I watch eating."Wow, I'm eating what I saw."It's like 'ga!'"
"Oh, yeah," said the March rabbit, adding to the explanation. "I like what I got" and "I got something good.""Why don't you insist that we're the same!"
"Yes, that's right," said the hibernating mouse, talking about something while asleep. "Is 'Sleeping and Breathing' the same as 'Sleeping and Breathing'"?”
When the hat seller said, "You are like that," when the conversation was suddenly cut off, everyone sat silently for a while.
In the meantime, Alice was devoted to recalling not many memories of crows and desks. 



It was the hat seller who broke the silence.
"What's the date today?" said the Hatter, looking back at Alice. In the meantime, he took the watch out of his pocket and looked at it to see if it didn't work well, and sometimes shook it and put it on his ear.
Alice thought for a moment and said,
"Four days."
"Two days late!" sighed the Hatter. "Isn't it wrong to put butter!" said the hat seller, looking angry at the March rabbit.
"It was the finest butter," replied the March Hare, obediently acknowledging.
"Yes, but it could have been bread crumbs," the Hatter grumbled. "It's because you put butter in with a bread knife."
In March, the rabbit received the watch, looked glumly, put it in his teacup, and listened again, but the result did not seem to improve much. "It was the finest butter, and you know it."
Alice looked curiously at the clock over the rabbit's shoulder in March and said a word.
"What a strange watch! There's a date, but there's no time!"
"Then?" the Hatter complained. "Does your watch tell you the year?"”
"Of course not," Alice replied very readily. "It's the same year for a long time, so you don't have to put it in the clock function."
"My watch is just like that," said the Hatter.
Alice became more and more puzzled.
The hat seller's remarks seemed to make no sense, but something was making sense.
"I don't quite understand what you mean," said Alice, as politely as she could.
"The hibernator is sleeping again," said the Hatter, and suddenly poured some hot tea into his nose.
The hibernating mouse couldn't help but shake its head and said without opening its eyes. "Yes, yes, I was just about to say."
"Have you got the quirk yet?" said the Hatter, looking back at Alice again.
"Yes, I will give up," Alice replied. "What's the answer?"
"There's no way there's an answer," said the Hatter.
"Me, too," said the March rabbit.
Alice sighed as if she were tired of such a manner now.
"I'll have time to use it better," she said. "What a waste of riddles with no answers.”
"You seem to know the time as well as I do," said the Hatter. "Whether he tells you not to waste your time like that."
"I don't know what you mean," said Alice. 
"Of course you don't know!" said the Hatter, raising his head contemptuously. "I dare say, you've never spoken to time!"
"That's right," Alice replied cautiously. "But I know how to keep the beat in music class because I learned it.”
"Oh! That makes sense," said the Hatter. "I hate being on time. Now, as long as you make friends with time, he can cook the watch for you. For example, let's say your class is 9 a.m., then you just have to give a little ear to time, and the clock will go around in a flash and it'll be 1:30 a.m. and it'll be time for lunch!"
"That's the best thing to do," the rabbit whispered to himself in March.
"It could be great," said Alice thoughtfully. "But at that time… You can't be hungry again so soon, right?"
"You don't have to do that from the beginning," said the Hatter. "You can stop 1:30 as you like.”
"Does that make sense?" asked Alice.
The Hatter shook his head sadly. "Why not!" he replied. "That's the subject… We had a word fight last March, which was before he went crazy, maybe...He said, pointing with his chopstick to the March rabbit. "…there was a big concert at Her Majesty's court around that time and I had to sing."




"Twinkle, twinkle, little bat! I wonder what you're doing!"

"You know this song, too!"
"I think I've heard of it," said Alice.
"It goes on like this, you know," the Hatter called on. "Like this…”

"As you want to fly above the world, like a tea tray in the sky.Sparkle, sparkle..."



At this time, the hibernating mouse shook and sang along to this song even in his sleep.
"Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle…"”
So the hat seller and the March rabbit had to pinch to stop the hibernation mouse singing.
"Like this, when I just couldn't finish the first part of the lyrics," said the Hatter. "Her Majesty jumped to her feet and shouted like this. Kill him now! Pick your neck!"
"Oh, how cruel!" cried Alice.
"Since then," continued the Hatter in a sad tone. "Time is not responding to my demands! The clock always points to the present, which is exactly six o'clock."



Alice suddenly thought, So I asked, "Is that why you put so many cold dishes out here?"
"Yes, that's right," said the Hatter with a sigh. "It's always tea time. So there's no tax to wash the dishes."
"Then do you keep using the bowls, say?" said Alice.
"Exactly so," said the Hatter. "Until I finish my tea."
"Then what happens when you're done drinking?" asked Alice.
"The conversation topic changes," said the March rabbit, interrupting and yawning. "If you're tired of it, I'll ask the young old man to tell you a story."
"I don't know anything about it," said Alice, slightly bewildered by the suggestion.
"Then I'll have to tell them to talk to the hibernating mouse!" they both shouted. "Wake up, hibernate!”
They pinched the hibernating mouse on both sides.
The hibernating mouse slowly opened his eyes and said, "I didn't sleep," in a thin, husky voice. "I was listening to everything you guys were saying." 
"Hurry up and tell me!" said the March rabbit.
"Yes, please tell me!" Alice asked.
"Hurry up," said the Hatter. "Otherwise, you'll fall asleep again before we start talking."
"Once upon a time, there lived three sisters," said the hibernating mouse, in a great hurry. "Their names were Elsie, Lacey, and Tilly, respectively. They lived on the bottom of the well as nothing less.”
"Why do you live there?" said Alice. She's always been very interested in eating and drinking.
"Because they lived on molasses," said the hibernating mouse, who seemed to think for a minute or two.
"You can't do that, if you only ate molasses," Alice asked pryingly. "You must have a stomachache."
"Yes, like him," said the hibernating mouse. "They had a stomachache."
Alice opened her imagination to herself. What that bizarre life would be like. But the more I thought about it, the more I got confused, so she asked again. "But why did they live on the bottom of the well?”
"I'm going to have some more tea," said the March Rabbit, who really suggested to Alice.
"I didn't eat anything," Alice said in a defiant tone. "But how can you eat more?”
"But you can't eat less," said the Hatter. "I mean, it's easier to eat than not eating anything."
"I didn't ask for your opinion," Alice said.
"Who is making personal remarks now?" asked the Hatter triumphantly.
Alice didn't know how to answer the question. So Alice ate some tea and butter bread, turned to the hibernating mouse, and continued to ask questions. 
"Why did they live on the bottom of the well?"
The hibernating mouse thought about this problem for a minute or two again and soon said it. 
"It was a well with molasses."
"That's ridiculous!" Alice began to get really, really angry this time. But the hat seller and March earthenware said, "Quiet! Quiet!"
Even the sullen hibernating mouse said a word to her constant retort.
"If you're going to keep coming out like that, do you want to finish this story?"”
"All right, keep going!" said Alice, rather humbly. "I won't cut in again. That's a possibility."
"That's a possibility, Won!" said the hibernating mouse indignantly. But he kept talking about himself. "That's how the three sisters lived…" They were learning how to turn it off, you know...”
"Dragging what?" said Alice, quickly forgetting her appointment.
"Carbohydrates," replied the hibernating mouse, without even thinking about it.
"I want a clean glass," interjected the Hatter. "Move your seats one by one."
As he said that, he moved aside, the hibernation mouse followed him, and the March rabbit also moved to the hibernation position, so Alice was somewhat reluctant, but she moved to the March rabbit's seat.
Thus, the only person who benefited from this move was a hat seller.
Alice is worse off than she was before she moved, March Rabbit moves. Because he spilled the milk kettle on his plate.
Alice said cautiously, "I don't want to offend the hibernating mouse again."
"I don't understand, but. Where did they pull the molasses?"
"You use to draw water from the well, too," said the Hatter. "So I think it won't be strange to pull molasses from molasses well..." Yeah, you stupid?”
"I heard they were in the well," Alice said to the hibernating mouse, pretending not to hear the last remark of the Hatter.
"Of course they are," said the hibernating mouse. "…he lived in a well.”
Alice was more confused by this answer and began to pry into every word of the hibernation mouse.
"They were learning to pull," continued the hibernating mouse. Yawning and rubbing my eyes. Because I was very sleepy. "That's how they attracted everything… Everything that starts with "e."”
"Why 'm'?" said Alice.
"There's nothing you can't do, isn't there?"" said the March rabbit.
Alice shut her mouth.
Eventually, the hibernating mouse closed its eyes and started to doze off. However, the hibernation mouse screamed a little because the hat seller pinched it, and soon continued to talk.
"…First of all, 'ma'ustraps that start with 'm', 'moon' and 'me' mori and 'much'… And as you all say often, even "a lot of similar things"... Come to think of it, you've never been told that you attract a lot of notes, have you?"
"You're doing it to me now," said Alice, much more confused. "Or..."
"Then you have to shut up," said the Hatter.
This rudeness was far beyond Alice's patience. She was upset and jumped up and walked away.
Soon the hibernating mouse fell asleep, and none of them even looked at Alice leaving.
Alice even looked back once or twice first, half expecting them to call her.
The last time she looked back at them, they were trying to put the hibernation mouse in a teapot.


"I must be going there again anyway!" said Alice, taking the path into the forest. "It was the worst tea party I've ever had!"
As she said this, a tree with a door came into her eyes just in time.
'That's amazing!' she thought. Everything that happened today is full of interesting things. Then shall we go straight in?’
She went inside and tried.
For a moment she found herself once again in that long hallway. There was also a small glass table nearby.
"Now, let's do better this time," she said to herself, holding the golden key in her hand, and opened the door into the garden.
Then she ate a bite of the mushroom she had put in her pocket, reduced her height to 30 centimeters, and walked into a small passage.
Sooner or later… she was finally able to enter the beautiful garden between the bright flower beds and the cool fountains.