Chapter 3 Caucus Race and Long Story


The sight of the animals on the riverbank was simply spectacular… The birds were dragging their wet feathers, and the animals were amazed by their fur sticking to their bodies. Everyone was tired and uncomfortable, dripping water.
The first question that swept the crowd was how to stop it.
Naturally, in the midst of these conversations, Alice was able to have a close conversation with them after a few minutes. As if I knew them all before.
Indeed, she also had a long heated discussion with the parrot, and eventually when he gets sulky, she says:
"I'm older than you, so I know more."
But Alice insisted, "I'll never admit it until I know how old you are," and the parrot refused to reveal his age when he became more sulky and said nothing more.
Then eventually, the mouse, who seemed the most dignified of them, stepped forward and said.
"Everyone, sit down, listen to me! Anyway, shouldn't we dry ourselves?" 
Then they sat in a circle around the mouse at once.
Alice didn't take her eyes off the mouse because she felt like she was going to catch the flu without drying her body quickly.
"Ahem!" said the mouse in a rather serious tone. "Are you all seated?" I know one of the best ways to dry your body. When people here try to do it! Just as William, the conqueror who was supported by the Pope, quickly succumbed to England, which needed a leader, and acquired a lot of wealth and land. Edwin and Morcado, Counts of Mercia and Northumbria...”
"Yuck!" said the parrot, shivering.
"Oh, my!" said the offended mouse with his own courtesy. "Is there anything you want to say?"
"No!" said the parrot hastily.
"I knew you would," said the mouse. "…so to continue, it turns out that Edwin, the Counts of Mercia and Northumbria, and even Stigand, the Archbishop of Canterbury, supported the conquest of Morcado, William…”
"What do you mean, revealed?" said the duck.
"So what you're talking about here," the mouse replied as if it were quite grumpy. "That it's been revealed."
"So I understand what 'there' means, but what's been revealed," said the duck. "Is that a frog or a bug? My question is, what has the archbishop found out?”
The mouse didn't answer this question and hurried on.
'…so it turns out to be in favor of going with Prince Edgar and supporting him with the crown. William also acted polite at first. Well, the arrogance of the original Normans is to the bone...' Now you know what I mean, you guys?" The mouse said this and looked at Alice tightly.
"It's still damp," said Alice in a melancholy tone. "I don't think you're skinny at all.”
"In this case," the Dodo stood up and said earnestly. "After the meeting is over, we immediately seek active exercise therapy.”
"Speak in Korean!" said the little eagle. "I don't understand half of what you just said. Besides, I don't trust you either!"
As he said that, he seemed satisfied, so the baby eagle lowered its smiling face and hid it.  
Then some birds giggle openly.
"What I was going to say," said the Dodo, very offended. "I was going to say that there's nothing like a 'caucus race' to dry our bodies."
"What is a caucus race?" said Alice. I didn't want to know much, but Alice came forward because the Dodo stopped talking and waited as if expecting someone to ask her the question.
"Then," said the Dodo. "This is the best way to explain what it is."
You should try it in the winter, because I'm going to explain to you how the dodo bird did it. 
First, draw a raceway, for example, a circle would be good.
The important thing here is that it doesn't have to be the exact circle. Just draw it.
And then everybody's on the track, everywhere is fine.
And then, without a "one, two, three, ground" signal, you can just start with the person you want to jump at, and when you stop, you can stop with the person you want to jump at.
But because of that, it's hard to know when the race ended.
But after running for about 30 minutes like this, your body is completely dry.
cried the Dodo.
"The race is over!”
Then everyone gasped and gathered round, they asked.
"Who won?"
 Even the Dodo couldn't answer this question like standing up. So the Dodo pressed a finger against his forehead and went into deep contemplation. The forehead is the part that you see when you look at Shakespeare's portrait. 
While the Dodo was thinking, the rest of the animals were watching, holding their breath.
Finally, the Dodo said,
"Everyone is the winner, everyone should be awarded."
"Then who's going to give the prize?" came back.
"Yes, of course, that's him," said the Dodo, poking Alice with one finger. At that moment, everyone gathered around Alice at once and shouted, "Give me a prize! Give me a prize!"
Alice didn't have any thoughts either. In despair, she reached into her pocket and pulled it out, and found a box of candies. Fortunately, I wasn't wet with salt water. So she handed it out to everyone as a prize. Fortunately, everyone went around one by one.
"But he should receive the award, too," said the mouse.
"Of course," said the Dodo in a rather solemn tone. "So do you have anything else in your pocket?" said the Dodo, turning to Alice.
"There's only one thimble," said Alice sadly.
"Then give me that," said the Dodo.
The animals once again surrounded her while the Dodo politely presented the thimble to Alice. 
said the Dodo.
"I give you this elegant thimble, so please accept it.”
When this short speech was over, they all came and applauded.


It was incredible for Alice, but everyone looked so serious that they didn't dare to laugh out loud.
So she closed her mouth, bowed briefly, and then gave her as serious a look as she could get the thimble.
The next thing I did was eat the candy that went back to everyone. This caused uproar and congestion, because, oh well, the big birds complained, "The candy is so small that I don't even know what it tastes like," and the little birds shouted, "The candy must be so big that it's stuck in my throat, please pat me on the back."
But when it was all over, everyone sat back in a circle and asked the mouse to talk more.
"I heard you were going to tell me a story," said Alice. "Why, you know... The cat and the dog."
She whispered this softly because she was afraid the mouse would be offended again.
"It's a sad and long story!" said the Mouse, turning to Alice with a sigh.
"I know it's long," said Alice, looking down at the mouse's tail. "Why do you say you're going to be sad?”
Alice kept thinking hard about the reason while the story of the mouse continued. Finally, I came to think of the following.



Fury said to a mouse who came to the house.
"Let's go to the court with me. Maybe I should sue you... Now, come on, no objection would be acceptable. We must have a trial. Because I don't have anything else to do this morning."
So the mouse said to the bully dog. "Mister, such a trial without a jury or justice is an insult to our lives."
"Then I'll be a jury, and I'll be a pig if I do a trial," said the shrewd old Fury.
"I'm going to sue you for this until I die."


"You're not listening!" said the Mouse to Alice in a stern tone. "What are you thinking about so much?”
"I'm sorry," Alice replied very humbly. "You said you washed it five times, right?"
"No!" cried the mouse in a harsh and harsh tone.
"Strap!" said Alice, looking around, saying something that could be used properly in this case. "Oh, will you help me untie the string!"
"Why would I do that?" The mouse jumped up and was walking away. "You insulted me with such nonsense!"
"I didn't mean it!" begged the poor Alice. "But aren't you hurting your feelings too easily?"
The mouse grumbled instead of answering.
"Come back and tell me everything!" cried Alice behind the mouse. 
Other animals sang in unison.
"Yes, take it easy!"
But the mouse couldn't stand it any longer and was moving away faster and faster, shaking its head.
As soon as the mouse disappeared, the parrot sighed, "What a shame!"
In the meantime, she got a chance to talk to her daughter.
"Oh, boy! Never get angry!"
"Shut your mouth, Mom!" replied the little crab rudely. "No one will raise both hands and feet to nag you!"
"I wish our 'Dina' was here!" said Alice aloud, though she was not speaking to anyone in particular. "Then I would have brought a mouse!"
"May I ask who Diana is?" said the parrot.
Alice answered ten times. She was always ready to answer about her pet.
"Dina is my cat. A mouse is really a good catch! Oh, you should have seen him catch a bird! I gulp it down in one bite that stands out!"
This word resonated with the animals.
Some birds began to sneak away.
An old magpie wrapped itself in its wings and said,
"Well, it's time to go home. Because the night air is cold!"
The mother canary was talking to her children in a trembling voice.
"Let's go, boys! Time to go to bed!"
Everyone else left with various excuses, and soon Alice was left alone.
"I shouldn't have brought up Dana!" she said to herself, feeling depressed. "No one down here likes him, he's the best cat in the outside world! Oh, our Dana! Will I ever see you again!"
Poor Alice began to cry with emotion again. It was because of the feeling of being alone and the low morale.
Then suddenly, you won't hear the sound of footsteps from afar. I looked up and looked that way. I wondered if the mouse had changed his mind and was coming back to finish his story.