Chapter 10. The Lobster's Cadreille



The fake turtle sighed deeply and soon covered his eyes with his fins. Then he looked at Alice and tried to bring something up, but soon he swallowed his throat for another minute or two and sobbed.
"I think I've got a splinter in my throat," Griffin said, shaking the turtle and patting it on the back.
Finally, the fake turtle cleared up his voice and continued to talk, shedding tears on his cheeks…
"You've never lived under the sea...”
"I've never bought it," said Alice…
"Then you've never even met a lobster...”
"Have you ever tasted…"Alice hastily shut her mouth, thinking she was in pain, and said, "Yes, never."
"…Then I have no idea how interesting the lobster's Cadreille is!”
"Not at all," said Alice. "What kind of dance is it?"


"To do that," Griffin said. "First of all, you have to line up in a long line along the beach…"”
"Two lines!" cried the fake turtle. "Seals, turtles, salmon and so on line. And then clean up the jellyfish that are the distractions...”
"It still takes a while to see," Griffin interjected.
"…take two steps forward…”
"The dance partner is one lobster each!" said Griffin loudly.
"Of course," said the fake turtle. "Two seizures toward the partners...”
"…then we change the lobsters and then we go back to where we were," Griffin continued.
"Then you know," continued the fake turtle. "I'm throwing a nap-dda...”
"The lobsters!" shouted Griffin, mimicking him throwing them in the air.
"…throw as far as you can, far away from the sea…”
"And then you swim towards the lobsters!" cried Griffin.
"Round a somersault in the sea!" cried the fake turtle, jumping up and down.
"After changing the lobsters again!" shouted Griffin.
"It's coming back to land, it was really worth seeing," said the fake turtle's voice, dropping sharply.
Then, until a while ago, the two animals, who were running in all directions as if they had gone back to that time, were very sad and looked at Alice again without hesitation.
"It must have been a great dance," said Alice, a little timid.
"Don't you want to see it?" said the fake turtle.
"Really," said Alice.
"Let's have some fun!" said the fake turtle to Griffin. "We can dance without lobster. Would you like to sing?"
"Oh, you sing," said Griffin. "I forgot all the lyrics.”
Then they circled around Alice and began a solemn dance, waving their hands during the steps and coming so close that they stepped on Alice's feet every time. 
The song of the fake turtle was very slow and sad…


"Shall we walk faster?" says Daegu to the snail.
"The dolphin behind us is so tight that my tail keeps being stepped on by him.
Look at the way the lobsters and turtles go!
They're waiting on the beach. Shall we go and dance, too?"


Should I dance, should I not dance, should I dance, should I not dance, is there a trend?
Should I dance, should I not dance, should I dance, should I not dance, is there a trend?


"I can't say how happy I am.
They picked up our lobsters and threw them away, far away from the sea!"
Then the snail looked sideways and said, "Too far, too far!" 
So the snail says thank you to Daegu and doesn't join the dance.


I'm not going to dance. I'm not going to dance. I'm not going to dance. 
I'm not going to dance. I'm not going to dance. I'm not going to dance.


"What's wrong with the distance?" his friend fish replies.
"I can see another beach across the street.
It's more like France and far from the country.
Don't be surprised and join the dance, dear snail.


Should I dance, should I not dance, should I dance, should I not dance, is there a trend?
Shall we dance, shall we not dance, shall we dance, shall we dance together?



"Thank you, it was a really fun dance to watch," said Alice, so glad the dance was over. "If it's an interesting song about Daegu, I think I heard it, too!"
"Oh, cod," said the fake turtle. "Then…you mean you've seen them somewhere before, haven't you?"
"Yes," said Alice. "I've seen it a lot, dinner..." She shut up in a hurry.
"I don't know where the dinner is," said the fake turtle. "I know what they look like when you say you've seen them so often."
"Of course," Alice replied thoughtfully. "You have a tail in your mouth…" With bread crumbs all over my body."
"Not bread crumbs," said the fake turtle. "Doesn't bread crumbs wash out of the sea quickly?" But it's true that he has a tail in his mouth, so...”
Here, the fake turtle yawned and soon closed his eyes.
…"You can talk about it," he told Griffin.
"The reason is," Griffin said. "This is because the cod danced with lobsters. So when they were thrown into the sea, lobsters flew far away from the sea, but only the cod fell from the middle. So the cod got their tails in their mouths and couldn't spit them out again. That's all."
"Thank you," said Alice. "It's fun. I didn't know Daegu well before, but now I feel like I know a lot."
"I can tell you more about Daegu if you want," Griffin said. "Do you know why they are called Daegu?”
"I have no idea," said Alice. "Why?"
"It's because of boots and shoes," replied Griffin in a very serious tone.
It was a bit confusing for Alice. "It's because of boots and shoes!" Alice repeated curiously.
"So, what do you wipe your shoes with?" said Griffin. "I mean, what do you polish with?”
Alice looked down at her shoes and seemed to think for a moment before answering.
"I think you're wiping it with black shoe polish."
"In the sea, boots and shoes," Griffin said in a sudden secret tone. "They do that in Daegu. Now you know."
"Then what is Daegu made of?" Alice asked in a very serious tone.
"Of course, flounders and eels," replied Griffin, slightly angrily. "I'm sure stupid shrimp knows more than you do. How can you not know that?”
"If I were Daegu," said Alice, who was still drunk on the lyrics of the song, thinking about something else. "I would have said to the dolphin, 'Get away from me, you just stepped on my foot!'"
"It depends on the situation," said the fake turtle. "No fish wants to move without dolphins."
"Really?" said Alice, quite surprised.
"Of course," said the fake turtle. "Look, if a ring of water comes to me and says, 'I'm about to go on a trip,' my answer is this, 'because of the nail?’”
"For what?""Did you say something wrong?" said Alice.
"I'm not kidding," replied the fake turtle, sulking as if he was offended.
So Griffin hastily said, "Well, now tell me about your adventures."
"If that's the case, from this morning... We'd better start talking," Alice said slightly discouraged. "Actually, I'm a very different person from yesterday and now.”
"There's no such thing as that, explain it in detail," said the fake turtle.
"No, no! Rather than explaining," Griffin said angrily. "Adventures come first."
So Alice began to tell them her adventures, starting with the first time she saw the White Rabbit. At first, I was a little nervous, but I was encouraged when the two animals came close and listened with their eyes wide open to their mouths.
Both listeners were listening carefully until she mentioned the poem, "Old William's Father." 
Then the caterpillar baby came out, and as another new story was about to begin, the fake turtle gulped down and said. 
"Well, I'm curious.”
"I'm really curious," Griffin said.
"Yes, I'm curious!" repeated the fake turtle, thinking. "I want to hear the poem again in her words now. Tell him to recite it," the fake turtle said to Griffin. Perhaps if the fake turtle thinks Griffin's words are authoritative, Alice will follow them.
"Now stand up and recite, 'The Lazy Song,'" Griffin said.
`They're animals that love to give orders, it's like they're in class!' thought Alice. "I'd rather be at school if you're going to be like this."
But she got up from her seat and started reciting songs. But her head was full of "Cadriille of the Lobster" and she was speaking without knowing what she was reciting, and she was talking a complete nonsense that eventually became a list of very strange words…



"This is definitely a lobster song I've heard.
I think I baked you too brown. I'm going to sprinkle some sugar.’
a lobster with a duck-nosed nose with eyes.
Cut the belt and buttons, and take out your big toe."
When the sand dries up, he gets excited like a lark.
Then you'll speak in a shark's derogatory tone.
But when the sea water comes in and sharks wander around,
Lobsters become timid and their voices tremble. 



"It's very different from our childhood," Griffin said.
"It's the first time I've heard this song in my life," said the fake turtle. "I don't know what you're talking about, it's completely empty."
Alice became a honeyed mute and sat down and buried her face in her hands. Thinking about how to get out of this situation naturally.
"I wish you could explain more," said the fake turtle.
"She can't explain," Griffin hurried. "So let's move on to the next o'clock."
"But what about the lobster's big toe?" claimed the fake turtle. "And how does a lobster take out its nose, don't you think so?"”
"I was explaining my posture when I was dancing," said Alice, who was terribly embarrassed by what she said herself, and wanted to change the subject.
"Okay, move on to the next o'clock," Griffin said again, hotly. "Yes, it's 'I passed by his garden.It doesn't start with '.”
It didn't seem right, but because of the situation, Alice didn't dare to disobey and continued in a trembling voice…


"I passed by his garden, eye-stamping,
Where Owls and Leopards Share Pie…“
While the leopard eats the skin of the pie and the meat and the soup,
The owl puts his share on a plate.
When you're done eating the pie, it's important to note that owls
I got a spoon as a gift.
On the other hand, the leopard grumbled and got a knife and fork.
That is the conclusion of the banquet…



"What's the point of getting all that junk," said the fake turtle, stepping in again. "I have no idea what you're talking about without further explanation. I've never seen such a confusing poem in my life!"
"Yeah, I want you to stop at that point," Griffin said.
So Alice was very happy to quit.
"Then shall we go on with the analogy of the lobster's cadre oil?" said Griffin. "Or would you sing one more song, fake turtle?"”
"Oh, fake turtle, please sing," Alice asked.
Griffin said that Alice's passionate request might have hurt her feelings a little bit. 
"Hmm! What a variety of tastes! What do you say, brother, will you play her the song "Turtle Soup?"
The fake turtle took a deep breath and began to sing the following song in a sobbing voice from time to time…


"Delicious soup, nutritious and fresh soup,
It's in a hollow bowl with a lid!
Is there anyone who can't fall for this taste?
Soup for dinner, delicious soup!
Soup for dinner, delicious soup!
Maa - Soooo with - Pooh!
Maa - Soooo with - Pooh!
I-uh-nyeo's (dinner) suwoo-fu (soup),
Delicious, delicious soup!"

"Delicious soup! Fish lovers,
Come on, would you like another plate?
Do you want two more plates?
Delicious soup is exactly 2,000 won?
Delicious soup is exactly 2,000 won?
Maa - Soooo with - Pooh!
Maa - Soooo with - Pooh!
I-uh-nyeo's (dinner) suwoo-fu (soup),
Delicious, Maa - Soup with it!"


"One more chorus!" shouted Griffin, and as the fake soup sang the song from the beginning, a cry came from far away.
"The trial has begun!"
"Let's go!" Griffin shouted, holding Alice's hand, and hurried away. Without waiting for the fake turtle's song to end.
"What trial?" said Alice, panting and running.
But the Griffin just said this.
"Hurry up!"
And Griffin ran faster.
In the meantime, I was getting faintly on the breeze, and I could hear the sad melody…


"I - Uh - Suu in the female role (dinner) - Fuu (suf),
Delicious, delicious soup!"