Chapter 8. Queen's Croquet Stadium


There was a big rose tree standing next to the entrance to the garden. It was a tree with white roses. But the three gardeners are busy moving and painting them all with red roses.
I thought it was so strange, so I approached Alice to look closely and I heard one of them say:
"Paint it well, number five! How can you scatter paint all over the place!"
"I couldn't help it," said Number 5 in a sulky tone. "No.7 hit my elbow.”
No. 7 mentioned this looked up and said. "Oh, number five! Why do you always blame others?”
"You do it well!" said No. 5 angrily. "You heard from Her Majesty yesterday that you were going to pick your neck!”
"What is it?" said No. 2 for the first time.
"Take care of your own business, number two!" said Number seven.
"No, it was because of you!" said No. 5. "Because I told him… When I asked the chef to bring me onions, he would bring me tulip roots."
Number 7 threw his brush and talked to him.
"You punks...”
At that time, seven eyes met Alice with a pitiful look, and just in time she was just in time.
When No. 7 suddenly became silent, the others looked back and found Alice, and everyone greeted her politely.



"Why are you painting those roses," said Alice, rather shyly. "Can you tell me?”
No.5 and No.7 became honeyed mute and just looked twice.
Number two started talking in a low voice.
"Because, you see, miss, we should have planted a Wallae red rose here, but we accidentally planted a white rose, and if Her Majesty finds out about this, our necks will run away immediately. So, as you can see, we're painting all the white roses here with red roses before Her Majesty comes...”
At that moment, No. 5, who was looking anxiously over the garden, shouted.
"Your Majesty! Your Majesty!"
The three gardeners immediately threw themselves and fell flat on the floor.
Soon, numerous footsteps were heard, so Alice looked back to see Her Majesty.
First of all, ten soldiers entered with golf clubs. The soldiers were the same shape as the three gardeners earlier. They were all rectangular and flat. Each corner had two hands and two feet attached. 
Next, ten servants entered. They entered in two rows like soldiers, all decorated with diamonds.
Next came the children of the royal family entered. There were ten of them, too. The lovely children entered, jumping happily, holding hands in each hand. They also entered in two rows and were decorated with hearts.
Then the guests entered, and they were usually kings and queens. Alice found a white rabbit between them. The White Rabbit smiled and talked in a very tense manner, so he could not find Alice.
Then Jack entered, moving the crown over the red velvet cushion.
The grand finale of the procession was the position of the King and Queen of Hearts.
Alice was a little hesitant about whether she should lie flat on the floor like these three gardeners. But I remembered that I had never heard of such a procession rule.
Besides, like this,' she thought. How are you going to see the procession if everyone lies flat on the floor?’
So she waited in her seat.
While the procession passed in front of her, everyone looked at her once.
Her Majesty also asked sternly.
"Who is this?"
Her Majesty spoke to Jack, who only bowed and smiled.
"Dumb!" continued Her Majesty, turning her head back to Alice.
"So what's your name, baby?"
"My name is Alice, Her Majesty," said Alice very politely. She also murmured slightly. "Yes, everyone is a card, so I don't have to be afraid of them!"
"Who are these?" said Her Majesty, pointing to the three gardeners lying on their stomachs around the rose tree.
They all lay face down on the floor, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of the cards, so Alice couldn't tell who was the gardener, who were the soldiers, who were the subjects, and the children of the king and queen.
"Do I have to know?" said Alice. Alice herself was a little surprised by this courageous remark. "It's none of my business."
Her Majesty's face turned red with ice. But after a while, her eyes seemed to flash, and soon she screamed violently.
"Hit him on the head! It's...


"No way!" said Alice in a very loud and determined tone. 
Her Majesty also closed her mouth.
The king put his hand on her arm and said, "A little bump."
"Leave me alone, honey, you're still young!"
Then Her Majesty, who was relieved of her anger, said to Jack instead.
"Turn them upside down!"
Jack carefully did it on one foot.
"Stand up!" cried Her Majesty sharply, and the three gardeners quickly rose and began to bow to the king, Her Majesty, the princesses and princes, and all who were there.
"Don't let me!" cried Her Majesty. "My eyes are all dizzy because of them."
Then she turned to the rose tree, and Her Majesty continued:
"What the hell was he doing here?”
"Long live the Queen," said No. 2 in a very modest manner, sitting on one knee. "We're just…”
Meanwhile, Her Majesty looked carefully at the roses and said, "Now I know!" "Cut them off!"
And then the procession went on, and only three soldiers were left to seek the death penalty for these unfortunate gardeners.
The gardeners ran to Alice and asked for help.
"Hitting your neck is too much!" Alice said, putting them in a large pot next to them.
The three soldiers looked around for a minute or two, looking for gardeners, ran into the procession and joined.
"So you cut them off?" cried Her Majesty.
"Fortunately, their throats are gone!" shouted the soldiers in one voice.
"Well done!" cried Her Majesty. "Do you know how to play croquet?"
The soldiers kept silent and only looked at Alice. Her Majesty's question was obviously referring to Alice.
"Yes!" cried Alice.
"Then, come with me!" cried Her Majesty.
So Alice joined the procession and was very serious about what would happen next.
"What a lovely day!" I heard someone timidly say next to her.
A bent rabbit was walking right next to her, glancing anxiously at Alice.
"Ah," said Alice. "…where is the Duchess?"
"Shh! Shh!" said the rabbit in a low, hurried voice.
He looked anxiously over his shoulder, lifted his toes, and whispered in Alice's ear.
"You were sentenced to death." 
"For what?" said Alice.
"So you mean she's 'poor' or something?" asked the rabbit.
"No, no," said Alice. "I'm not saying it's pathetic, but I asked, 'Why the hell?'"
"Because she's got a slap in the ear from Her Majesty's ear.said the rabbit, and Alice couldn't help but burst into laughter.
"Oh, shh!" whispered the rabbit in astonishment. "Your Majesty will listen! You know, the Duchess is a little late, but, oh, well, Her Majesty says...”
"In their respective positions!" cried Her Majesty's thunderous cries. 
At that moment, everyone was scattered in all directions, trying to run, but they bumped into each other and rolled, and it wasn't a mess.
But within a minute or two, each of us settled down and the game started.
Alice had never seen such a strange croquet stadium in her life. Oh, well, the ground is all bumpy, the balls are living hedgehogs, and the ball is a living flamingo.
In addition, the soldiers crouched down on the floor and supported them with their hands and feet, making goal posts all over the place.



The main difficulty Alice found was that flamingos were very difficult to deal with.
Anyway, Alice wrapped her arms around the flamingo's body. Although flamingo's legs are hanging. Then, when Alice straightens her flamingo's neck and hits the hedgehog with her head, she stares at Alice's face as she twists her neck. Alice couldn't smile or cry because her expression was so strange.
So Alice put the flamingo's head down again and tried to hit the hedgehog again, and the hedgehog crawled on all fours and was not there.
The most embarrassing thing is that the ground is all bumpy and she can't let the hedgehog roll the way she wants.
And even the soldiers who were forming the goalposts were not just sitting around and going from place to place, so Alice soon realized that this was a very difficult game.
As all the players started playing without waiting for their turn, fights broke out everywhere. They even fought for hedgehogs.
Even in this short period of time, Her Majesty was angry and pointed at this person and that person, shouting loudly.
He was sentenced to death every minute, saying, "Hit him by the neck!" or "Hit him by the neck!"
No wonder Alice felt uncomfortable again. And you never know when Her Majesty will sentence you to death.
What am I supposed to do if I really do? How do people here love to cut their throats? 'Will there be someone left here?'
I think it's better to run away, so she's looking around and looking for a way to run away without noticing, and I see something strange in the air. At first, she looked very confused, but after a minute or two, she smiled and said to herself.
"It's a Cheshire cat. Now I have someone I can talk to."
"How are you?" said the cat, as her mouth showed enough to talk.
Alice waited until the cat's eyes appeared and then shook her head.
'Until both ears show up, or even one ear shows,' she thought. It's no use talking.’
About a minute later, I could see the cat's head completely. 
Then Alice put down her flamingo and started talking about croquet play.
She was very happy to have someone to listen to.
The cat didn't lift up any more because it thought it was enough to see only its head.
"I don't think this is fair play," Alice began, in a rather discontented voice. "You don't listen to others and everyone tries to fight like that..." There are no fixed rules and no one helps... You don't know how funny this is. For example, if I put a ball into one goal post, the next goal post is already at the end of the stadium... And when I try to hit Her Majesty's hedgehog, it's gone!"
"So do you like the queen?" said the cat in a low voice.
"Not at all," said Alice. "He's so..." At that moment Alice noticed that Her Majesty was listening just behind her, so she said: "…He's very competitive, so he's very hard at the game."
The queen passed by with a very satisfied look on her face.
"Who are you talking to?" said the king, looking up at Alice, and looking at the cat's head was very strange.
"It's a Cheshire Cat…" It's my friend," said Alice. "Shall I introduce you to him.
"That's a bad impression, kid," said the king. "But if you want to kiss my hand, do you want to do it?"”
"Not much," said the cat.
"That insolent," said the king. "Don't look at me like that!" the king hid behind Alice.
"Cats may see the king," said Alice. "I read it in a book, but I don't remember which one it was either."
"Well, I'll have to throw it away," the king said decisively, and called her Majesty, who was passing by. "Honey! Get rid of that cat!"
Her Majesty's solution to all the difficult problems, big and small, was only one.
"Cut his head!" she said. I didn't even look back while saying this.
"Then I'll go and get the executioner right away," the king said, and hurriedly disappeared.
By this time Alice thought about it, she thought it would be better to attend the croquet again, so when she looked around to see how the game was going, she could hear Her Majesty's furious shouts from over there.
It was a scene where Her Majesty skipped her turn and sentenced three players to death as punishment for playing.
I guess your Majesty didn't like this mess at all. Indeed, the game literally didn't have a situation, so it wasn't easy to tell where it was.
So Alice looked for her hedgehog first.
The hedgehog was in the middle of a fight with another hedgehog. It was a great opportunity for Alice to hit two balls at the same time. However, the remaining problem is that Alice's flamingo was making a desperate effort to fly to the tree that was there by going to the other goalpost.
Alice brought the flamingo back, and both hedgehogs were gone.
'But compared to all the goal posts going over the field,' thought Alice. "It's not a big deal that the hedgehog is gone."  
So Alice first put the flamingo under her arm and didn't let her run away, and then returned to her original position to continue the conversation with her friend.
Alice, who returned to the Cheshire cat, was surprised to see people gathered round the cat.
There was a heated debate between the executioner and the king and queen Peha at the same time. Meanwhile, the rest of them were all mushy and muzzled.
As soon as Alice appeared, all three of them began to pour their arguments on Alice, asking her to solve the problem. They were all talking at once, so Alice couldn't even understand what they were saying.



The executioner said, "How can I cut my throat when I don't have a body? I've never done that before."
The king's argument was, "What nonsense is this that has a head and can be cut as much as you want?"
Her Majesty's claim was, "If we don't solve this problem right away, we'll put everyone here to death." Everyone there was shocked by the queen's words and looked dark. 
That's all Alice could say.
"This cat belongs to the Duchess. So it's fastest to ask her.”
"She's in prison now," Her Majesty said to the executioner. "Go and get her.”
The executioner started like an arrow.
By this time, the cat's head began to disappear gradually, and by the time the Duchess came, the cat's head had completely disappeared.
So the king and the executioner jumped up and looked everywhere for the cat, and the rest of them started the croquet race again.