Chapter 9. Fake Turtle's Story


"You don't know how glad I am to see you again, you little thing!" said the Duchess, walking with her arms folded as soon as she saw Alice.
Alice was very pleased when the Duchess was pleased. So when I met her in the kitchen, I assumed that the reason she was so fierce was probably because of the ground pepper.
"If I may become a Duchess later," Alice said to herself in a rather slightly excited voice. "I will never let you put pepper in your food. The soup can be delicious without it... I think people get angry easily because of the pepper powder." So I kept thinking, and I finally found a new law. I was happy. "Yes, vinegar makes people sour... Chamomile makes people use... And... and barley starch syrup and candies make children's hearts lovely. I wish people would know this, but they wouldn't be so stingy about giving them candy, you know...”
Then Alice completely forgot about the Duchess Yelang. So I was a little surprised to hear someone's voice very close to my ear.
"Seeing that you forgot to say, you're thinking about something, kid. There's a instructive epigram that fits this situation, but I can't think of what it is.”
"No," said Alice, daringly.
"Tsk, tsk, baby!" said the Duchess. "If you try to find it, there are lessons everywhere."
While saying this, the Duchess pressed Alice next to her.
Alice wasn't happy to see her come too close. Because the Duchess is so ugly. This is the first reason, and the second reason, because the Duchess was exactly the right height to put her chin on Alice's shoulder. Her chin hurt because it was not too sharp. But Alice couldn't be rude, so she held it in as long as she could.
The conversation went on a little longer, and Alice said, "I guess the game is working properly now."
"Yes," said the Duchess. "I remembered the lesson...", It's love, it's love that moves the world!”
"When everyone is more committed to their work," Alice cried. "Who said the world would work?"
"Oh, yes! They're the same horse," continued the Duchess, thrusting her sharp chin over Alice's shoulder. "The lesson of this is… If you listen to your senses, everything will go by itself."Hey."
Alice thought to herself, "You're a person who enjoys looking for lessons!"
"You're thinking now why I don't put my arm around your waist," said the Duchess, taking a pause. "That's because I'm not sure about the flamingo's temperament you're holding yet. Can I touch it?”
"You may bite," Alice replied cautiously. But I thought I didn't have to try it.
"You're right," said the Duchess. "Both flamingos and mustard bite well. The lesson of this is... "They're hanging out together."Hey."
"You don't bite the mustard," said Alice.
"That's normal," said the Duchess. "You know they're everywhere!”



"The mustard is a mineral," said Alice. 
"Of course," said the Duchess. Apparently, Alice was ready to say that whatever she said was right. "There's a big mustard mine around here, too. So the lesson of this is this… "The more I get, the more I get yours."
"Oh, I remember now!" cried Alice. Alice didn't want to agree with the Duchess' nonsense. "It's a vegetable. It doesn't look like a vegetable, but it's definitely a vegetable.”
"I agree with you," said the Duchess. "And the lesson of this is… "Rather than what others think..." The simpler it is, the better. "Be what your nature thinks you are."“
"It's confusing, I wish I could have understood it better," Alice said very politely. "If you had written it down on paper, I would have understood it better."
"I don't know that again," said the Duchess to herself.
"Please don't rub me the wrong way," said Alice.
"Oh, then let's not say stir-fry!" said the Duchess. "I'm a person who rewards people with words."
"Oh, really!" thought Alice. "I wish you wouldn't talk to me!" But Alice couldn't say that.
"You're thinking again?" said the Duchess, snapping again with her sharp little chin.
"I have the right to think," Alice said strongly. Because I'm starting to get worried.
"Then let's talk about rights," said the Duchess. "Pigs have the right to fly, and...”
But Alice was surprised that the Duchess' voice crept in at this point. Because the word lesson was her favorite word. At the same time, the Duchess' arms began to shake with Alice's.
Alice looked ahead, and there would be Her Majesty, who folded her arms and frowned like a temporary storm with thunder, standing in front of them.
"What a lovely day, Her Majesty!" said the Duchess in a dying voice.
"I warn you," shouted Her Majesty, pounding the ground with her feet. "Don't turn off! You can play the sutra! Decide which way!"
The Duchess ran away immediately.
"Then shall we start the game again?" Her Majesty said to Alice. Alice, who was so surprised, couldn't say a word and followed the queen back to the Croquet Stadium.
While the queen was away, others were resting in the shade. But when they saw the queen, everyone freaked out and started the game again. Her Majesty shouted, "Anyone who is lazy will be decapitated."
Throughout the match, Her Majesty never had a moment to brush her friction with other players, and every time she was shouting, "Cut her head!" or "Cut her head!"
So, as soldiers were put in cells to put the condemned in, less than half an hour later, there were no goal posts left, and the only players who survived were the king and queen and Alice. All the others were sentenced to death and imprisoned.
Then Her Majesty, who was quite out of breath, also sat down and said to Alice, "Have you ever seen a turtle near you?"
"No," said Alice. "I don't even know what a fake turtle is."
"It's a fake turtle that you put in near soup," said Her Majesty.
"I've never seen and heard of it," said Alice.
"Then let's go," said Her Majesty. "Look at the fake turtle and tell me his story. I'll tell you."
While they were sitting together, Alice's preciousness, the king's low voice, was heard saying this kindly to people.
"I pardon you all."
"Oh, thank God!" Alice said to herself. She was really depressed because Her Majesty sentenced so many people to death.



They soon found Griffin sleeping in the sun.
If you don't know Griffin, look at this picture.
"Wake up, you lazy!" said Her Majesty. "Uh, take the young lady and go to the fake turtle and tell him his story. I'll go back and see if the death sentence is being carried out well."
When Her Majesty went away, Alice was left alone with Griffin.
Alice had never seen a monster like this in her life. But it seemed safer to be with this Griffin than Her Majesty, who was so cruel. So Alice waited.
Griffin rubbed his eyes as he sat down. Then her Majesty giggled as she disappeared from view.
"It's so much fun!" said Griffin. It was like saying to myself half and to Alice half.
"What's so funny about you?" said Alice.
"Why, it's the queen," Griffin said. "It's all in her imagination. No one is ever executed. You'll find out soon enough, let's go first, come on!"
Everyone's saying, 'Come on!' to me here.thought Alice, slowly following Griffin. I've never received so many orders in my life!’
I didn't go far, so I saw a fake turtle sitting alone on a small rock with a sad expression in the distance.
As I got closer, I could hear him sighing deeply as if his heart was being torn.
Alice felt so sorry for him, she asked Griffin, "What's wrong with you?"
Griffin just repeats what he said earlier.
"It's all his imagination, nothing really sad, come on, let's go!"
When they went to the fake turtle, he looked up at them with his big eyes and said nothing.
"This little lady," said Griffin. "He wants to hear your story, I'll tell you."
"Then I'll let you hear it," said the fake turtle in a weak tone. "Both of you, sit down, please don't bring it up until I'm done talking."
They sat silent for a moment.
Alice thought to herself,
When does the story that hasn't even started end?’
But Alice waited patiently.


Then a very long time of silence passed, and sometimes Griffin broke the silence by shouting "Hurrrrrr!" But the fake turtle's heavy sobbing continued in the meantime.
I'm telling you, Alice wanted to get up and say, "Thank you, I heard a funny story," and go away, but when I thought about it, there was nothing much to do, so I just held back and sat down.
"When we were young," said the fake turtle, finally, in a very still and still sobbing from time to time. "I used to go to school in the sea. The teacher was an old turtle... We called him a ground turtle...”
"Why did you call me a ground turtle when it's not even a ground turtle?" asked Alice.
"They called us ground turtles because they teach us," said the fake turtle angrily. "How can you be so stupid!”
"It's embarrassing to ask such a simple question," Griffin also said. 
Then they sat together, their mouths closed, and glared at the poor Alice. Indeed, Alice felt like hiding under the ground. She wanted to hide under the ground.
Finally, Griffin told the fake turtle.
"Keep talking, man! You're not going to talk all day!"
So the baby of the fake turtle continued.
"Yes, we went to school under the sea, even though you wouldn't believe it…"”
"I never said I didn't believe it!" Alice interrupted.
"I told you now," said the fake turtle.
'Shut up!' added Griffin as Alice tried to say another word.
The fake turtle kept talking.
"We had the best education… Actually, I went to school every day...”
"I go to school every day, too," said Alice. "So don't bother showing it off."
"Then did you take after-school classes?" asked the fake turtle with a slightly worried look.
"Of course," said Alice. "We learned French and music."
"Then what about the laundry?" said the fake turtle.
"There's no such thing!" said Alice angrily.
"Oh! Then your school isn't really a good school," said the fake turtle in a very relieved tone. "At the end of our school bill, it clearly said 'after-school classes - French, music, and laundry.'"
"No, I heard you lived under the sea," said Alice. "You wouldn't have had a lot of laundry to do."
"I didn't have time for after-school classes," said the fake turtle with a sigh. "Because I only took regular courses."
"What's that again?" Alice argued.
"Of course reading and writing were basic," replied the fake turtle. "And in other subjects… There was ambition, distraction, ugliness, and laughter."
"I've never heard 'Being Ugly' before," Alice dared. "What's that?"
He raised both his hands to Griffin and shouted in surprise.
"No! How can you not know 'being ugly'!" Then do you know "Getting Pretty," for example?"
"Yes," said Alice, dimly aware. "That's… something…" It means to become prettier."
"And yet," Griffin continued. "You don't know 'being ugly', aren't you a fool?"”
At this point, Alice, who didn't want to ask any more questions about this, turned to the fake turtle and said,
"What else did you learn?"”
"First of all, there was a subject called riddle," replied the fake turtle, counting with his broad fins. "…there was the mystery of the old sea and the mystery of the modern sea, and then there was 'slow walking'… The slow-walking teacher was an old conger, and he came once a week to teach us to walk slowly, stretch our bodies, and curl up when we're wrapped in an electric coil.”
"No, what's all that?" said Alice.
"It's too bad, I'm stiff now," said the fake turtle. "I can't show you a demonstration. These are all subjects that Griffin didn't even learn."
"We didn't have time," Griffin said. "Our classical teacher was old."
"I didn't learn from him," the fake turtle sighed. "I heard that he pointed to how to smile and how to grieve."
"Yes, that's right, I did," Griffin said with a sigh, too. 
And suddenly, both animals bury their faces in their hands.
"How many hours did you have a day of classes?" said Alice, hurriedly changing the subject of the conversation.
"The first day was 10 hours," said the fake turtle. "The next day, nine hours, it was like that.”
"What a strange timetable!" exclaimed Alice.
"That's why it's called a class," Griffin said. "Because it shrinks every day."
It was that strange rule, so Alice had to think for a moment before making her next remark.
"Is the 11th day a holiday?"
"Of course," said the fake turtle.
"Then what happens on the twelfth day?" Alice asked earnestly.
"Now that we've talked enough about the class," Griffin said in a determined tone, stopping the conversation. "Tell her about the game now."