Chapter 5 Caterpillar Advice


The caterpillar and Alice stared at each other for a moment without speaking.
Finally, the caterpillar took the pipe off its mouth and talked to me in a drowsy, sleepy voice.
"Who are you?" said the caterpillar.


It wasn't a very good way to start a conversation.
Alice said, feeling a little intimidated.
"Now… I just…" I don't know who I am. When I woke up this morning, I knew who I was, but later on, my body changed all the time."
"What do you mean?" said the caterpillar sternly. "Explain it carefully!”
"I'm afraid I can't explain it to you either," Alice said. "I'm not me, you see."
"What am I looking at?" said the caterpillar. 
"I'm sorry I couldn't tell you more details," Alice replied politely. "Because first of all, I don't know myself well, I'm confused now because my body size has changed several times today."
"No," said the caterpillar.
"Well, you probably don't know," said Alice. "You turn into a pupa... So later... If you turn into a butterfly, then you'll feel like you're familiar with what I'm saying now, a little bit, right?"
"Not at all," said the caterpillar.
"Still, your feelings must feel quite different," said Alice. "I'm like that right now."
"You!" said the caterpillar contemptuously. "Who the hell are you?"
Thus, their conversation went back to the beginning. The caterpillar's short words irritated Alice a little. So Alice stood up and said quite seriously. 
"Isn't it reasonable to say who you are first?"
"Why me?" said the caterpillar.
Once again this twisted question came up, Alice couldn't come up with a good reason.
Alice turned away, apparently the caterpillar wasn't in a pleasant state of mind.
"Come back!" said Aebyeolae, looking behind him. "I'll tell you something important!"
I think it's true, Alice turned around again and came back.
"Relax your temper," said the caterpillar.
"No, is that it?" said Alice, swallowing her tearful anger.
"No," said the caterpillar.
There was nothing to do, so Alice decided to wait. Then I thought the caterpillar would tell me something to listen to.
After a long time, the caterpillar took a sip of the pipe without a word, and finally opened its arms and took the pipe off its mouth and spoke again.
"So you think you've changed, don't you?"
"I'm afraid," said Alice. "I can't think of things as usual either… It's never been the same size in 10 minutes!"
"What can't I remember?" said the caterpillar.
"Well, when I say 'how diligent a bee is!' it doesn't come out the same!" said Alice, feeling rather depressed.
"Then read 'Old William's Father,'" said the caterpillar.
Alice put her hands together first, and then started...

     
"Old William's father," said the young man.
"Now you're all white in the head,
How can you stand on your hands so well...
Are you sure you're old?"

    
"When I was young, too," said William's father to his son.
"I was worried about hurting my head.
But now that you're empty-headed, you don't have to worry about it at all right?
That's why I stand on my hands and stand again."

     
"As I said before," says the young man. "You're older than me.
Even though you've gotten really fat.
How can you somersault around the door so quickly...
God, what is the reason for that youth?”


"From a young age," says the old man, reclining his white-haired head.
"It costs 20,000 won per box. Since I use this ointment every day,
It keeps your arms and legs flexible.
Why don't you buy one or two?”


"Because you are old," said the young man. "If you eat something stronger than beef oil,
You've got a lot of course.
You eat it all with a whole geese...
Is this a coincidence?"


"From a young age," says Dad. "Because of your mom's nagging,
After so many arguments,
My jaw muscles got stiff. 
Like this, he supported me firmly even in my old age."
"Get older," says the young man. "Your eyes are blurry, too."
You won't be as good as before.
I can't believe you put an eel on the tip of your nose and supported it so well...
What's the secret?”


"If you answered three questions, I would have done enough."
says my dad. "So stop talking!
Can't you think of anything after hearing me?
Cut it out, or I'll kick your ass!"


"I can't say it's right," said the caterpillar. 
"It's not that it doesn't fit badly," said Alice timidly. "Except for a few words."
"The beginning and the end are wrong," said the caterpillar firmly. 
Soon silence enveloped them for a moment.
The caterpillar said it first.
"What size do you want?" asked the caterpillar.
"Oh, I can't be specific," Alice replied hastily. "Just because it changes so often, you know."
"I don't know," said the caterpillar.
Alice didn't say anything. I'm telling you, I've never had so many reflections in my life that I was slowly getting angry.
"What about now?" said the caterpillar.
"Well, I want it to be bigger, if you don't object," said Alice. "Seven centimeters tall is too short."
"It's a very good key!" the caterpillar said angrily and stood up. Indeed, he was exactly 7 centimeters tall.
"But I wasn't this tall!" Alice begged in a imploring voice. 
She thought to herself. "Why are there caterpillars that are so good at opposing?"
"You'll get used to it soon," said the caterpillar. Then the caterpillar took the pipe back to its mouth and smoked again.
This time, Alice also waited silently until the caterpillar opened its mouth again.
In less than a minute or two, the caterpillar hit the pipe again in its mouth and seemed to yawn loudly once or twice, then shook its body, came down from the mushroom, and crawled on the winding grass, leaving this comment.
"One will raise you, the other will reduce you."
What do you mean, which way? `What's the other?' thought Alice to herself.
"The mushroom," said the caterpillar. As if Alice was asking out loud.
The next moment, the caterpillar suddenly disappeared. 
Alice was looking at the mushroom for a moment, thinking a lot. Where in the world is there a distinction between this mushroom and that? When she looked around to answer the question, it was really a perfectly round mushroom.
But finally, she stretched out her arms to wrap the mushrooms in pieces, and then took off the tips of the mushrooms little by little.
"Which one is it?" she said to herself. 
So I took a bite of what I had in my right hand and it worked right away.
The next moment she felt her chin was mercilessly beaten and soon hit her foot!
Frightened by this rapid and rapid change, she thought she was going to shrink and disappear, so she immediately tried to eat what she had in her other hand.
His chin was so close to his feet that he didn't have time to open his mouth, but he was finally able to eat the mushrooms in his left hand.



"Oh, now my head is free!" said Alice with joy. 
But soon, I couldn't see my shoulders, so I freaked out of sight.
When she looked down, all she could see was an incredibly long neck. It's like a towering stem over the sea-like green leaves down there.
"What are all those blue things?" said Alice. "Where the hell are my shoulders?" Oh, my poor hand, can I see you guys?”
She tried to move her hands as she spoke, but she didn't seem to be moving at will. It was just the hand that shook among the green leaves below.
I thought it would be too much to raise both hands up to the head. So I tried to pull my head towards my hand, and fortunately, my neck would bend easily in any direction, like a snake.
She succeeded in twisting her neck gracefully and bending down, and just as she was about to reach the sea of leaves, they were all tree tops. The trees she walked around underneath. 
Then a sharp hissing made her hurry back. I saw a large pigeon flapping its wings violently and hitting Alice in the face.
"You snake!" the pigeon screamed.
"I'm not a snake!" said Alice angrily. "Leave me alone!"
"Bam, again, you are a snake!" said the pigeon. But his tone became a little calm and he seemed to be sobbing a little bit. "I ran away everywhere, but I can't believe you're following me here!”
"I'm not what you think I am at all," said Alice.
"I've lived in the roots of trees, on the banks of rivers, and on the hedges," the pigeon continued without even listening. "They were all snakes! It was all snakes!"
Alice, who was getting more and more confused by that, decided to wait until the pigeon's whining was over because no matter what she said, it would not work.
"There was no problem laying the eggs," said the pigeon. "But from then on, I had to watch the snakes day and night! And I haven't had an eye in three weeks!"
"That's too bad," said Alice, who finally learned the meaning of the pigeon horse.
"That's why I moved to the top of the highest tree in the forest," continued the pigeon, screaming sharply again. "So I thought I was free now, but something was coming from the sky! Oh, you snake, that's you!"
"Please I'm not a snake, I'm telling you over and over again!" said Alice. "I just… I just…”
"Then what are you saying?" said the pigeon. "What are you thinking?"
"I'm... just a little girl," said Alice, rather hesitatingly. Well, today alone, my body has changed so much that I can be confused myself.
"That's plausible!" said the dove, very contemptuously. "I've seen countless girls the other day, but none of them had a neck like you do now! Never, never! You're a snake. It's no use denying it. I'm sure you've never eaten an egg. I'm going to tell you!"
"Al, I tasted it, too," said Alice. Because she was a bad liar. "But even if it's not a snake, young girls eat a lot of eggs, you know."”
"I don't believe you," said the pigeon. "But if you are, you are snakes, that's all I can say."
This was such an unexpected sound for Alice that she was speechless for a minute or two. 
The pigeon who saw it said,
"So you're looking for an egg now? The question of whether you're a little girl or a snake is important to me."
"The matter is important to me, too," said Alice hastily. "But I'm not looking for an egg right now, it's a coincidence. Even if I'm a snake, I don't need to raise your eggs. I don't like raw food."
"Well, that's enough, go!" said the pigeon in a slouchy tone, and went to his nest and sat down.
Alice crouched down among the trees. Every now and then, his neck swung between the branches, and then he loosened his throat again and went down.
Then he suddenly remembered that he had a little mushroom in his hands.
She began to move her hand very carefully, and once she cut a little bit of what was in this hand, and then she cut what was in that hand, and then she grew taller and then reduced it again, and eventually succeeded in returning to her usual height.
It's been such a long time since I've been back to my original state, so I felt very unfamiliar at first.
But soon I got used to that height and started chattering to myself as usual.
"Well, I'm half done with the plan! At first, I was confused because I kept changing it! It's back to normal, back and forth! Now all you have to do is walk into that beautiful garden... But what should I do?"
While she was saying this, she was entering an open place.
It was a small house about 1.2 meters high.
`Who will live there?' thought Alice. "I've never seen a house this size before in my life. Don't scare me!"
And she ate a little bit of what she had in her right hand. It was only after she had reduced her height to about 23 centimeters that she had the courage to approach the house.