Chapter 1. Into the rabbit hole.


Alice began to get bored sitting next to her sister on the bank of the river with nothing to do.
Then, once or twice, I gave my eyes to the book that my sister was reading, but it's a book without any pictures or conversations.
'There's no painting, no conversation,' thought Alice. "Where did you write a book like this?"
So, as always, Alice fell into her own thoughts. You know, when it's hot, you can't help but fall asleep and feel a little stupid. 
Yeah, what about making a daisy wreath? Get up and just pick up daisy.’
At that time, a white rabbit with pink eyes passed by her like a hand.
It wasn't surprising, nor was it surprising to hear the rabbit say, "Oh, my! Oh, my! I'm late!" Well, she was a little strange when I thought about it later. But then everything was accepted naturally.
The rabbit took the watch out of his vest pocket and ran faster.
Alice followed. It's because I suddenly thought, "Yeah, I've never seen a rabbit wearing a vest or taking a watch out of my pocket before," and I was curious.
She ran along the field with the rabbit, and then happened to see the rabbit snuck into a big rabbit hole under the hedge.


Then Alice followed him in.
I didn't think about how to get out of it.
For a while, a tunnel-like rabbit hole was directly connected. And then it fell off. But Alice also thought that it would fall to the bottom of a very deep well soon.
But is the well deep? Or is Alice falling slow? She wanted to go down for a long time, but she kept falling. 
Alice looked down, wondering, "What's going to happen?"
Even if you look down, it's all dark, so it's easy to distinguish. So I looked at both sides of the well, and it was full of cupboards and bookshelves. There are pictures and maps fixed here and there with nails.
She pulled a jar from the shelf she was passing by. 
It said "orange marmalade." But it was empty inside, so I wasn't the only disappointment for her.
Still, if the pot fell, someone might get hit and die, so she put it up on one of the shelves that was passing by.
Alice thought to herself, "Hmm!" After falling like this, I won't fall down the stairs again! Then how brave everyone would think I am at home! Then you won't mind falling off the roof this time!’
It was a very plausible idea.
Down, down, down continuously.
Is there an end to this fall?
"I think we've fallen more than a few kilometers so far," she said loudly. "Wouldn't it fall to the center of the earth at this rate?" Let's see, it said it was 6,000 kilometers, so --"
Alice has already taken several classes of this kind in her children's study room. There's nothing like this to show off. Of course, no one was listening, but it's a good learning attitude to say it again.
"- I mean, exactly that length - but where is the latitude and longitude?"
Of course Alice didn't know what latitude and longitude were, but she thought something about her words was wonderful.
Soon afterwards her thoughts continued.
I wonder if this will penetrate the center of the earth! It'd be funny if it popped up through the people walking upside down! I'm sure they're all freaked out.’
There was no one listening, and she was happy to say those thoughts, and besides, they all seemed reasonable, although not now.
'…so first you should ask the name of the country, you know, I think, it's probably New Zealand or Australia?’
Those thoughts don't mean that falling out of the air isn't all bad! Who would have imagined this?
'Yes, if you ask a lot of questions, you can think of me as a child who asks questions! No, there must be a place where the country's name is written, not a question.’
Down, down, down.
It keeps falling.
There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon resumed the conversation.
'Dina will miss me very much tonight, she will!’
Dina is Alice's cat name.
"I might have put milk on a plate for Dinah during the afternoon tea. Our cute Dinah!" I wish you'd come with me! Well, there are no mice in the air, so can't we eat bats, it looks like mice. But don't you know if cats eat bats?’
Alice began to feel sleepy again. So I kept talking to myself in my sleep. 
Will cats eat bats? Do Cats Eat Bats?’
Sometimes,
I said, "Does a bat eat cats?"
She couldn't answer this question. What's the use of that now? At a time when I started to feel sleepy. Then, in her dream, she was walking hand in hand with Dinah and talking a lot.
"You know, Dina, tell me the truth, have you eaten bats?”
At that moment, with a thud, Alice fell on a pile of dry leaves and branches. The fall is over.
Alice was able to jump up because she was not seriously injured.
When I looked up, it was all black, but there was a long passage in front of her. Oh, I see a white rabbit. I was in a hurry.
I can't miss it, Alice started running like the wind. Soon I heard a rabbit turn the corner and say:
"Oh look at my ears and beard, it's going to be really late!"
At the same time, Alice turned the corner, but she could no longer see the rabbit. I'm just in the long, low hallway. There were lamps hanging in a row from the ceiling, lighting it up.
There were doors all over the hall, and they were all locked.
Alice walked and opened the doors one by one, but when she came halfway after failing, she suddenly thought, "Oh, right, how can I get out of here?"
For a moment Alice came to the three-legged table, a table made of solid glass. There was nothing there but a little golden key.
Wouldn't this fit one of those doors?’
But alas! Well, the keyholes were so big that they didn't fit in with the little keys that none of the doors opened.
But by the time I turned around, I could see a small door behind the low curtain that I had never seen before. It was a door that looked about 38 centimeters tall. She put a little golden key in the keyhole and it happily fits perfectly!


Alice opened the door and found a small passageway. But it was much smaller than a rabbit hole. 
She kneels down and sticks her head out into the aisle, and a lovely garden unfolds before her eyes.
Seeing the bright flowers and cool fountains, Alice was so anxious to get out of this dreary hallway into the garden. But that passage is barely enough to get through the poor Alice's head. I couldn't get him off my shoulders.
Oh, if only I could fold my body like a telescope! Oh, I think I can do something about it once it starts to fold.’
So, as you know, after a long struggle, Alice realized that it was impossible to pass through the passage.
Without having to wait by the little door, she went back to the table, hoping that there might be some other key, or a magical book that could fold and unfold the human body like a telescope.
That's when she found a small bottle, you know? This wasn't here before.
"Oh, it wasn't there," said Alice. 
There was a paper label on the neck of the bottle, and it was beautifully written "Drink Me."


It was the word "drink me" which was absolutely unquestionable, and there was no reason for Alice, who was a little wise, to refuse.
"But I'll just taste it first," she said. "I have to see if it's poison or not."
This is because I remember reading a book about some unpleasant incidents about children and wild animals who ate wrong and got angry.
Because they all forgot something very simple.
"If you hold the red-hot clay for too long, you may get burned, and you put your hand on the sharp blade."It can bleed liver.”
Alice didn't forget. 
"Yeah, you're in trouble if you drink a bottle with a poison mark."
Fortunately, however, there was no poison mark on the bottle. So Alice tasted it with a grain of salt. It was a very sweet taste. In fact, cherry tart, custard, pineapple, turkey, tapi and butter toast tasted like a mixture, and it soon disappeared from the mouth. 


"It's amazing!" said Alice. "I feel like my body is getting smaller like a telescope."
I really did. She was only 25 centimeters tall now. 
'Then we can pass through the little door to the garden.’
Her face brightened.
But first she waited a few more minutes to see if her body shrank further.
I didn't have to be nervous, but I thought, "I've started once, I've got to see the end." 
"But what happens if you go outside like a candle?"”
I tried to imagine what would happen to a candle that was extinguished, but I've never seen anything like that before. 
When nothing else happened for a moment, she decided to go out into the garden.
But oh poor Alice! When I went to the door, I remembered I forgot my little golden key.
When she came back to the table, she couldn't reach the top of the table at her current height. I could see clearly on the glass table, but I couldn't climb the table legs at all, because the glass was too slippery.
No matter how hard she tried, she sat down and began to cry.
"Quit, it's no use crying!" Alice said to herself. So it kind of softens up. "Forget it, I advise you!"
She had a habit of giving herself advice. Of course, it's extremely rare to accept that summary. Sometimes she criticized herself bitterly and shed tears. Once, I acted as if they were playing the "Croke" game. Curious children like to pretend to be two people.
'Even if I pretend to be two people now,' thought poor Alice. "It's no use! It's too much for one person to have a mind!"
Soon it reached her eyes with a small glass box under the table.
When she opened it, there was a small cake inside and the word "Eat Me" was beautifully written.
"Well, you should eat," said Alice. "This will make me big and reach the key. If it makes me a little bigger, I can crawl out the door anyway and then I can enter the garden, so I don't care!“
After taking a bite, she said nervously.
"What do you think? What do you think?"
When she put her hand on her head, I could feel that it was getting bigger. She's already back to her old size while she's surprised.
I took a bite and this happened, and I'm sure anyone else would have been surprised, but at this point, Alice wasn't really surprised. 
So I kept eating what I was eating, and soon I ate all the cakes.