Chapter 2. Tears.


"It's getting more and more spectacular!" cried Alice. 
She was so surprised that she forgot to use pretty words for a moment.
"I'm stretching like a big telescope! Hello, bud!"
Indeed, when she looked down at her feet, it looked so far away. And it's getting further and further away.
'Oh, my poor feet, who's going to put your shoes on now? I won't be able to do it! I'm like this, you guys should wear it on your own... No, you have to be kind to your feet,' Alice thought. Or you're not going to walk the way I want you to! Let's see, I'll buy you guys new boots every Christmas.’
She was trying to figure out what to do about this.
'I'm going to ask the courier to bring it to me,' she thought. How fun it would be, because it's a gift for my feet! The recipient's name will be very unique!


To ALICE's right foot on the dirt field in front of the stove,

What a load of nonsense!
Then her head hit the ceiling of the hallway. Now she's really grown to 2 meters and 70 centimeters tall. So I hurried to the door to the garden with a small golden key.
Poor Alice! All she could do was lay on her side and look out of the garden with one eye. There's no way out of this. She sat down and began to cry again.
"You should be ashamed," said Alice. "I've grown my equal."
That's what it meant.
"It's no use crying like this! Stop it!"
But the situation didn't change much, so tears flowed down, and eventually a large puddle of water formed around her. It was about 10 centimeters deep and half the hall was filled with these tears.
After a while, she heard a patting sound in the distance.
She wiped away her tears in a hurry and found something was coming.
A curved rabbit came back, dressed in fancy clothes. It was the same rabbit with a white leather glove in one hand and a big fan in the other.
The rabbit was in a hurry, rushing his steps, but muttering constantly.
"Oh! The Duchess, the Duchess! Oh! She won't let you go if you're late!"
Alice was in such a panic that she was not in a position to ask for help.
Then the rabbit came close to her. So Alice said in a low, timid voice, "If you don't mind me......" he said.
At the sound, the rabbit freaked out, dropped his leather gloves and fan, ran to death, and disappeared back into the darkness. 


It was so hot in the hallway that Alice picked up the fan and gloves and fanned them for a while and said,
"Oh, my God! It's weird today! It wasn't that different until yesterday, but did everything change at night? Let's see, yeah. Was it the same when you woke up this morning? It definitely felt a bit different back then too. If I'm not the same, the next question is this. Who the hell am I? Oh, what a mystery!"
think over and over again like that She soon thought of children her age, worried that she might have switched with any of them.
"Not 'Aida' for sure," she said. "Because her hair is very long curly, but I don't have curly hair at all right now. That doesn't mean I've changed to Mayval, because I know everything, but he's, oh! She doesn't know anything! Besides, she's the one, I'm the one, and... Oh early, what a mystery! I'll have to test what's wrong with my hair. Let's see, four times five is 12, four times six is 13, and four times seven is... Oh dear! I've never been over 20! So stop multiplying, let's look at geography. London is the capital of Paris, Paris is the capital of Rome, Rome... No, it's all wrong. I definitely changed it to stupid Mayval! I'm going to sing a song, "How much do little crocodiles...’”
She started singing the song she learned with her hands on her knees like that. But her voice was rough and unfamiliar. The lyrics aren't as close as they used to be...


"How clean little crocodiles are with their shiny tails, scattering the river on golden scales! Smiling so refreshingly, sticking out his toenails so neatly, and greeting the little fish with his sweetly smiling teeth!"


"What are you talking about?" said poor Alice. Her eyes were filled with tears and kept flowing. "It must have really turned into a mayval, by the way, how to live in this small house, there are no dolls to play with, oh! The things I've learned so far! I can't think of anything. But I'll stay here saying I'm really a Mayval (Alice's stupid friend! When people say, "Come up, boy!" I'm just going to say, "Who am I? Tell me that first, if that's the person I like, then I'll go up, but if not, I'll just stay here until I turn into someone else.'… But, oh dear!" cried Alice, bursting with tears. "I wish people would hold out their hands! I hate being here alone!”
Looking down at her hand while saying that, she was surprised to see the white rabbit's leather gloves on both hands without realizing it.
'How did I put it on?' she thought. Is it getting smaller again?’
She got up from her seat and adjusted her height to the table. That's when I found out. That you guessed right. 
She's less than 60 centimeters old now. Besides, I was rapidly losing my height.
She knew the reason was that she was holding the fan, so she hurriedly let it go from her hand. To prevent them from shrinking completely. 
"That was close!" said Alice, startled by the sudden change, but soon she said, "Oh, yes, garden!" and was glad to find the reason for her existence.
She ran at full speed toward the little door.
But what a shame! The little door was closed again, and the little golden key was still on the glass table.
'It got worse,' thought the poor child. It's not as small as before. But things are so bad, really!’
Then she slipped and fell into salt water for a moment. Her cheeks were filled with water.
At first, I thought it was in the sea.
"I wish I could reach it by rail," she said to herself. 
Alice had only been to the beach once, and she remembered that there were mobile changing rooms on the coasts of England. And the shovels that the kids left behind, the row of houses, and the railway station behind them.
But she soon found out that it was a puddle of tears that she shed when she was 2 meters and 70 centimeters tall.


"I must have cried too much!" said Alice. 
She said, swimming around and looking for a way out.
"You must be punished, how could you be dying in my tears! What a strange thing to do, man! But everything is weird today."
Then she heard something splashing and falling from a distance, so she swam towards it to see what it was.
At first, I thought it was a walrus or a hippo, but soon I realized it was too small to call it that.
She soon knew it was a mouse that had accidentally drowned like Alice herself.
`I might help,' thought Alice. But does a mouse talk? Well, it's weird that we've come all the way here, so it won't be weird if the mouse talks. I'm not gonna do it anyway.’
So she tried to talk to him.
"Hey mouse, do you know how to get out of this puddle? I'm tired of swimming around here and there, yes, mouse!"
Alice thought it was a proper way to talk to a mouse. Well, I've never talked to a mouse before.
But I remember seeing you in your Latin grammar book soon.
"The mouse... of the mouse... The mouse... The mouse... He's a mouse!"
The mouse glanced at her as if he had become somewhat curious, seemed to send a slight wink with his small eyes, and soon said nothing.
`Oh, I guess you don't know English,' thought Alice. "Then is it a French mouse? You know, a mouse that came over when William was the conqueror."
According to Alice's historical knowledge, there was no more definitive explanation to explain this situation than that the mouse was a French mouse.
So she spoke to me in French again.
"Where is your cat?”
It was the first sentence in her French relationship.
The mouse jumped out of the water when he said that, and it must have been really freaked out. 
"Oh, I'm sorry!" cried Alice hastily. She really didn't want to offend this poor animal. "I forgot you don't like cats.”
"Yeah, I don't like it!" said the mouse sharply. Like you really despise cats. "Would you have liked cats, too?"”



"No, I don't think so," said Alice in a soothing tone. "So don't be angry. I do want to show you my cat, Dyna. You'll just look at him and you'll get rid of all the conventional notions about the cat. She's a really calm and cute cat."
Alice said, swimming lazily in the puddle, as if she felt a little better by saying this.
"It's so cute to see you sitting on a fire, shaking your neck, licking your front feet and washing your face..." And the softness of hugging... It's not easy to catch mice. Oh, sorry!" cried Alice again. 
This time, I realized that Alice had committed a great disrespect because the mouse was flabbergasted with all its fur.
"Let's not talk about anything that hurts your feelings anymore.”
"It's us!" cried the mouse, shaking from head to tail. "You speak as if I spoke on that subject! We mice hate cats, always have. Those arrogant, mean, mean things! So don't say that name again!"
"Okay, I will!" said Alice, changing the subject in a hurry. "But… do you… like dogs?"
The mouse did not answer, so Alice said feverishly.
"There is also a small Porong near my house and I want to show you! It's a terrier with small, clear eyes, and you know its long, curly brown fur is excellent! Ask me anything you throw, and I'll sit down and ask for food in the evening, whatever... Uh, but... that dog is a farmer's dog, and according to him, it's a very useful dog, so it's going to cost 50 million won easily! And the dog kills everything... "Oh, cold!" cried Alice in a sad tone. "I hurt your feelings again!"
This time, the really sulky mouse swam away, cutting through the current as hard as he could.
Then came Alice's gentle voice.
"Mice! Come back, I won't talk about cats or dogs again, I thought you liked it!"
The mouse, who heard it, slowly came back to her in a big circle. 
Still, the mouse's face was pale. Maybe it's because she's trying to hold back her anger, thought Alice.
The mouse spoke in a low, trembling tone.
"Let's go to the land for now, I'll tell you my story once I go up, and you'll see why I hate cats and dogs."
Indeed, it was time to get out of this puddle, because it was so crowded and cramped with birds and animals that had fallen into it by mistake. Among them were ducks, dodo birds, scarlet parakeets, cubs, and some unusual animals.
As Alice took the lead, all the other animals followed and swam to the shore.