Chapter 4 Rabbit Let Little Lizard Bill In



It was a white rabbit that was coming back at a brisk pace, looking all around. You're looking around as if you've lost something.
I heard a rabbit muttering like this.
"The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh, my toenail! Oh, my hair and beard! She'll kill me and stay, as clear as the weasels! I dropped it somewhere, where is it?"
Alice noticed at once that the rabbit was looking for a fan and white gloves.
So I looked into whether Alice, who has a kind heart, had it, but she didn't have it at all.
I guess everything has changed since I fell into a tear hole. The huge hallway, glass table, and even the small door completely disappeared.
Soon the rabbit found Alice. Alice looking for one thing or another. At that moment, the rabbit burst into anger and yelled at Alice.
"Hey, Mary Ann, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you hurry up and get my gloves and fans! Come on, go!"
Surprised, Alice got up in a flash and ran towards the rabbit's point, so surprised that she didn't have time to say that she saw the wrong person.
"You must think I'm your maid," Alice said to herself as she ran. "How surprised would he be to know that I'm not! But first, we'd better find a fan and gloves and bring them to us… Well, of course, if you can find it.”
As soon as she said this, she arrived at a cute small and clean house. On the front door of the house was a brass plaque engraved with "Four White Hares." 
Without knocking, she hurried up to the second floor, because it would be really difficult to meet Mary Ann. So I was going to come back out looking for fans and gloves without anyone knowing.
"I can't believe you're running all the rabbit errands," Alice said to herself. "It's amazing, isn't it? At this rate, I might not be running an errand next time!"
Then she began to imagine what would happen.
"Miss Alice! Come on, you shouldn't take me for a walk! Hey, come here now! Why didn't you see a mouse?”
Alice went on.
"If Dinah treats me in that other way, the adults might kick her out of the house right away!"
At this point, she entered a small, small room with a table by the window. On the table were a fan and two or three pairs of small white leather gloves, as she wished.
She picked up the fan and a pair of gloves and was about to leave the room when she made eye contact with a small bottle of water placed close to the mirror.
This time, there was no name tag on the bottle, such as "Drink Me." Nevertheless, Alice opened the cap and took it to her lips.
"Every time I eat or drink something," she said to herself. "I know something interesting happens. So I'm going to try this, too. I wish I could grow taller again, because I'm tired of being small!"
Indeed, her expectations were exactly right.
As soon as she drank half of the bottle, her head touched the ceiling and she had to bend her neck, almost breaking her neck.
She hurriedly put down the bottle and said to herself.
"That's enough… This height is just right…" If it gets bigger, you can't get out of the door... But I don't think I drank too much!"


Ah! Is it too late?
She kept getting bigger and bigger and now she really had to kneel on the floor.
And in less than a minute, the ambulance was now small enough to handle her, so she had to lie down with her elbows resting on the door and her other arms above her head.
Oh, and yet she kept getting bigger and bigger and eventually one of her arms went out of the window, and one of her legs had to stick out over the chimney.
She said to herself.
"It's calmed down now, it's not getting any bigger." What now, by the way?"
Fortunately, the magic bottle worked just like the 마술, so her body didn't get bigger. But it was very uncomfortable. I guess I'm tired of leaving the room again at this rate, oh, be unhappy.
'I wish I were home,' thought poor Alice. "Every time you get bigger and smaller, you get orders from mice or rabbits. It wasn't just coming through the rabbit hole... Oh… by the way… What do I do now? What else is going to happen! I imagined this would happen only when I read a fairy tale, but who knew it would happen now! A book about me needs to be written, yes! I will definitely use it when I become an adult... But, oh yeah, I've already grown up as an adult."
She added in a pathetic voice. 
"First of all, I'm sure I don't have time to grow in this room."
`Then I,' thought Alice. "Are you not getting old anymore?" Well, that would be nice, anyway... I'm not going to be a grandmother. But if that happens... You have to keep learning! 'Oh, I don't want that!'
"Oh, my God, silly Alice!" she replied to herself. "How can I learn from here? In a place where you can't move, where there's no room for books!"
While she was exchanging conversations with one person assuming another person talking to him, she seemed to hear a voice from outside and seemed to listen carefully.
"Mary Ann! Mary Ann!" was heard. "You can't bring my gloves right away!"
Then I heard the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs.
I think the rabbit came to look after Alice herself. So she trembled, which shook the whole house. Alice forgot that she was a thousand times bigger than a rabbit. There's no reason to be afraid anymore.
Soon the rabbit arrived at the door and was about to open it.
But Alice pressed the door firmly on her elbow, and the rabbit's attempt failed.
Alice heard the following sound in her ear.
"Then I'll turn around and go in through the window."
"No," thought Alice. So I waited for a while and I thought I could hear a rabbit right under the window.
For a moment, she held out one hand and pretended to grab the air.
Of course she didn't catch anything, but then there was a little scream and then there was something falling and the window crackling. Alice concluded, 'It must have fallen into a cucumber greenhouse or something like that.'


The next moment I heard an angry voice… It was the voice of a rabbit… "Pat! Pat! Where are you?”
Then came a voice she had never heard before.
"I'm here! I was picking apples, sir!"
"I'm picking apples, yes!" said the rabbit angrily. "Come here! Come here and get me out!"
Soon I heard more of the glass breaking.
"Now tell me, Pat, what's in the window?”
"Certainly, that's an arm, sir!" 
Pat pronounced his arm 'pa-a-al.'
"Eight, you idiot! How can you have such a big arm? Yeah, it's filling the entire window now!”
"By the way, sir, that must be an arm."
"What are you talking about? Forget it. Go get that out!"
There was a long silence after that.
I could hear whispers every now and then.
Something like this.
"Oh, well, Nari, I don't think that's, like, no!"
"I'm giving you instructions, you coward!"
Eventually, Alice reached out her hand again and pretended to grab the air again.
This time, I heard two screams, and I heard more of the broken glass.
"There must be a lot of cucumber greenhouses here!" thought Alice. "What will they do next? If you were going to pull me out of the window, I really wish you could! I don't want to be here any more!'
She waited for a moment, but there was no more sound.
Then eventually, I heard small cartwheels rolling, and I heard countless voices talking at once.
I thought Alice could understand some of them. It was like this.
"Where's the ladder? Another ladder?… I just brought one. Bill had the other one... Bill! Bring me the ladder, man! Put the ladder here... No, first we have to tie it together... But it doesn't even reach half... Oh! That's enough. Don't say anything else. Come on, Bill, hold on to the strap. Will the roof endure? The roof slating machine) is loose, so be careful... Oh, go down! Head down!"
Then there was a loud roar.
"What is it now?" Bill, who's going down the chimney? I won't do it, you do it! I'm not gonna do it! Bill, go down... Hey, Bill! Master told you to go down the chimney!"
"Oh! So Bill is coming down the chimney?" Alice said to herself. "I guess they're all going to leave the job to Bill! But I think I'll let it slide. This fireplace is definitely narrow, so I can kick it a little!"



She put her feet in the chimney and waited until she heard a small animal coming down. I couldn't think of anything else to say it was a small animal. Soon there was a scratching sound coming from the chimney above her. 
She said to herself. 
"It's Bill."
For a moment, she took a quick step and then watched what happened.
The first noise she heard was a group chorus of "Bill is flying!" followed by a rabbit… "Help me with the ashes, pull me out of the hedge!" followed shortly afterwards by silence and someone puzzled saying... "Hold my hair…" Give me some brandy... Be careful because you might choke... How do you feel now, brother? What the hell happened? Go ahead and tell me!"
Soon after, I heard a weak, grinning voice.
'That's Bill,' thought Alice.
"Well, I don't know what's what… Oh, it's okay. That's enough. I'm so embarrassed that I don't know what to tell you... All I know is that something like a goblin box crawled out and soon I flew up like a meteor!"
"You really flew, man!" said the others.
I heard a rabbit's voice saying, "I'm going to burn the house down!"
Alice shouted as hard as she could.
"I guess so. I'll let her go!"
Immediately, it became quiet outside.
Alice thought to herself.
"What will they do next? If you had any sense, you could just rip off the roof.’
A minute or two later, I heard something moving again from all over the place, and I heard the rabbit's voice.
"First of all, a cart will be enough as soon as possible."
Alice thought, "Handcart what?" But I didn't have to think long about what it was, because right away, little pebbles flew into the window like a shower.
Some of the pebbles also hit Alice's face.
'I won't let you do it,' she said aloud to herself. "You'd better quit right now!"
Immediately, it became silent again as if everywhere was dead.
Alice was a little surprised to see the pebbles all turned into small cakes and lying on the floor. Then I suddenly got a good idea.
"Okay, let's try one of these cakes," she thought. 'I'm sure it's going to change my body. It's impossible to get bigger, so it'll probably get smaller.’
So I swallowed a cake. Gladly, I'm starting to lose my height.
She's now small enough to get through the door.
She ran out of the house and found small animals and birds clustered like clouds outside.
In the middle of them, poor little lizard Bill was drinking something from a bottle, supported by two guinea pigs.
As soon as she appeared, everyone rushed to Alice like a cloud, and she began to run with all her might and hid herself in the dense forest before she could finally regain her safety.
"Returning your body to its old size," Alice said to herself, wandering through the forest. "First of all, it's urgent. The second is to find a way into the lovely garden. That's for the best.”
It was a good plan that she thought was neat, easy, and sure.
But the only question was, how on earth do you start that simple plan?
She glanced between the trees with such longing eyes, and heard something barking sharply above her head, so she hurriedly looked up.


A very big puppy is looking down at her with a big look on his face. One front foot was trying to touch her gently stretched out.
"Poor thing!" said Alice in a gentle tone. And I tried really hard to whistle. It's because I shudder to think that the dog might gulp down himself because he's hungry.
She unwittingly pulled out a small stem and stuck it out to the dog. Then the puppy jumped up and down and ran to the stem, making a good noise. It's a situation that I was worried about.
Then Alice hurried behind the big thistle to avoid the collision. Then she appeared in the other direction, and the puppy ran towards the stem again, raised his back foot, shook his head, and tried to bite the stem.
Alice liked this game. I remembered having fun with the horse of the cart. But I was worried, too. I was able to get stepped on by the dog's foot. When Alice threw thistle, the dog chased and picked it up. He barked loudly, and finally I sat down, put my tongue up to my mouth, breathed heavily, and soon closed my eyes slowly to see if my eyelids were heavy.
This was the perfect time to run away.
She started running quickly. Until I run too far, until I can't hear the barking dog in the distance.
"But it was such a cute puppy!" said Alice, pausing and resting against the water parsley.
She said, fanning herself with one leaf.
"Oh no... If my height was the same, it would be fun to teach my dog tricks! Oh, early! Come to think of it, I forgot that I had to grow up again soon! Let's see... What should I do? I think we can eat or drink something, but a question here, what should we eat then?"
That question was so firm, what should I eat?
Alice looked around at the flowers around her and grasses on the grass, but in this situation, she didn't notice anything that she could eat or drink.
Fortunately, there was a mushroom growing close to her, as tall as her height, and I thought she wanted to go up to the street, look down, look down on both sides, look back, look up above.
She lifted her toes and looked up at the top of the mushroom. At that moment, her eyes met the eyes of a large caterpillar sitting on the top of a mushroom peacefully, quietly smoking a long pipe of water with her arms folded.