CHAPTER 10 The Lobster Quadrille

The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper
across his eyes.  He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for
a minute or two sobs choked his voice.

`Same as if he had a bone in his throat,' said the Gryphon:  and it set to work shaking him
and punching him in the back.  At last the Mock Turtle recovered
his voice, and, with tears running down his cheeks, he went on
again.

"You haven't lived in the sea much, have you?"

"Yes, I've never lived," Alice replied.

"Then you've never even met a lobster.”

Alice said, "I've tasted it once ---" and then quickly said, "I haven't met you."

"Then I don't know what a pleasant friend Cadreille is!"

"Yes, I do," Alice said, and asked, "what dance do you do?"

The Gryphon took the horse.
"Why not? First of all, line up along the sea --"

"Two lines!" cried the imitation turtle.
"Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on -- and first you have to clean up the jellyfish.”

"It often takes some time," Gryphon said.

"-- And you have two chances --"

The Gryphon cut in again.
"A chance to be on the same side as the lobster."

"Of course," continued the imitation turtle.
"I have two chances to choose a partner.”

Gryphon continued. "-- If the sea is on the side of the ash, put it on the same signal."

"And then, you know, throw --" said the imitation turtle.

The Gryphon also shouted loudly, "Lobster!"

" -- as far as possible to the sea --"

"And swim!" cried the Gryphon.

The imitation turtle jumped up and shouted loudly, "You're overcoming your talents in the sea!"

"Change the lobster!" said Gryphon, raising his voice.

The imitation turtle suddenly dropped his voice and said, "I'm coming back to the land and doing it from the beginning," and the two, who were jumping up and talking excitedly, sat quietly again with sad faces and looked at Alice.

"It must have been a pretty dance," Alice said.

"May I show you a little bit?" asked the Mock Turtle.

Alice replied hesitantly, "Yes, I really miss you."

The imitation turtle said to the Gryphon, "Let's show the beginning part. You can do that without lobsters. Do you want to sing?"

Gryphon said, "Okay, let's call it. You sing. I forgot the lyrics."I did.

So the two began to dance around Alice seriously.
The two came close, circling around Alice, and sang in a sad, slow voice, getting close enough to step on Alice's feet.

"Will you walk a little faster?" the miner said to the snail.

"There's a dolphin behind us, and he steps on my tail. Look how far ahead the lobsters and turtles are. We're waiting on a pebble stone-- shall we dance? And."

Do you want to dance or not? Do you want to dance or not? Shall we dance?
Do you want to dance or not? Do you want to dance or not? Shall we dance?

"You don't know how fun it is. If you pick us up and throw us into the sea!"

But the snail answered with a glance.
"Too far, too far --"

The snail thanked the croaker, but he couldn't join the dance.

Do you want to dance or not? Do you want to dance or not? Shall we dance?
Do you want to dance or not? Do you want to dance or not? Shall we dance?

"How long do we have to go?""A scared friend asked.

"We have to go all the way to the coast on the other side. Okay? If you leave from England, you should go to France next to you."

These words turned white with the snail's face, but they went into the dance.

Do you want to dance or not? Do you want to dance or not? Shall we dance?
Do you want to dance or not? Do you want to dance or not? Shall we dance?

"Thank you for showing me such an interesting dance," said Alice, "I love that strange croaker song!"

"Oh, croaker," replied the imitation turtle.
"They've -- you've seen a croaker, haven't you?"

Alice said, "Sure. I've seen it. Meal--" and then stopped talking.

"I don't know where the meal is," said Mojo Turtle, "but if you've seen croaker often, you know what you like."

Alice thought it over, and replied, "Well, with a tail in her mouth, and a powder over her."

The imitation turtle said, "Not powder," and then said, "It's washed away in the sea. But it's true that he's biting his tail. Because --"

At this time, the imitation turtle yawned and rubbed his eyes, and said to the Gryphon.
"Tell Alice why it happened.”

"Because," began the Gryphon instead.
"I had to dance with the lobster. So they were thrown far away into the sea together. It flew away and fell off. So I quickly bit the tail in my mouth, but I couldn't take it out again. That's why."

Alice said, "Thank you. It's very interesting. I didn't know this much about croaker until now."

"If it's fun, I can tell you more," Gryphon said, and asked, "Do you know why it's called a croaker?"

"No, I haven't thought about that at all," Alice replied.

"It's because of those boots and shoes," Gryphon said with a serious look.

Alice couldn't figure it out at all. So I said in a surprised voice, "It's because of boots and shoes!"

Gryphon said, "Why not? What are your shoes made of?" And then again, "I mean, what makes your shoes sparkle?"

Alice looked down at her shoes and thought, then replied. "Is it black?"

The Gryphon took the horse.
"Boots and shoes are slippery in the sea. It's slippery, so it's a croaker. You know now, right?"

"What do you make of it?" asked Alice.

"Of course it's made of sole and eel," Gryphon replied immediately, adding, "I'll answer that, no matter how small a shrimp."

Alice, who had been thinking about the song in her head for a while, said, "If I were a miner, I'd tell the dolphin, 'Go away, we don't want to do it with you.'"

replied the imitation turtle.
"The dolphin was told by other fish to follow. Smart fish don't go anywhere without dolphins."

"Really?" asked Alice, startled.

"Sure," replied the Mock Turtle.
"If a fish comes to me and asks, 'Would you like to travel with me?' of course I'll ask, 'Which dolphin are you going with?'"

"It's not "How far are you going to go?""

"That's what I'm saying," said the Mock Turtle angrily. "Now tell me your adventure story," Gryphon said to Alice.

Alice was a little shy, and said, "I can tell you about the adventure I've had since this morning. But it's no use going back to yesterday. I've become a different person than I was then."

"Explain it all," said the imitation turtle.

Then the Gryphon said angrily.
"No, no. The adventure story comes first. I'm sick of the explanation.”

So Alice talked about what had happened since she first saw the white rabbit.
As soon as we started talking, Alice couldn't help but be nervous because the two of them listened closely to Alice with their eyes and mouth wide open, but soon she plucked up the courage to talk.
The two listened to Alice without saying anything.
Alice repeated the story from "You're Old Father William" to Avalae, but they didn't say anything different.
At the end of the story, the imitation turtle sighed a long sigh and said, "What a strange story."

Gryphon also responded, "What a strange story."

"Everything has changed," said the Mock Turtle, pondering his thoughts, "and wondering if Gryphon thought he had any authority to deal with Alice, "I want to hear Alice memorize something else. Please tell me so."

Gryphon said, "Get up and memorize 'the voice of a lazy man.'

Alice said, "How can you make an animal study by heart! I thought, "It's like I'm at school," but I woke up and started talking.
However, Alice couldn't even notice what she was copying, as she was thinking about Cadreille the Sea Crayon.
Anyway, memorizing became really weird;

"I heard the voice of the lobster; he affirmed.
You baked me too brown. I need sugar on my hair.’
A duck has an eye, a lobster has a nose.
Decorated with a belt and button and exposed the toes."

"It's different from what I memorized when I was a kid," Gryphon said.

"I've never even heard of it," replied the imitation turtle, "but, what a rare piece of crap."

Alice sat silent, covered her face with her hands, and thought that nothing natural might happen again now.

"I also want you to explain," said the imitation turtle.

"Alice can't explain," Gryphon said in an irascible voice, "and then move on."

The imitation turtle said, "But what do you mean by toes? How can you show your nose and toes together? Do you know?"

Alice said, "That's the first position I take when I dance," but I couldn't tell where and how it changed because I couldn't tell what was all about it.

Gryphon said quickly again.
"Move on to the next kite. It starts with 'I walked through his garden.'”

Alice could not resist Gryphon's words, but she continued in a trembling voice, knowing that it would go wrong somewhere.

"I followed his garden. I'm looking sideways.
How can owls and oysters share a pie --"

An imitation turtle intervened. "What's the use of memorizing all this! Can you explain how to memorize? It's the most chaotic thing I've ever heard!”

"Yes, you might as well quit," Gryphon said, and Alice was the only one who was pleased with this remark.

Gryphon said, "Let's find out more about the lobster Cadreille. Or should I ask Alice to sing a song for the imitation turtle?"

"Ah! Sing me a song. "If the imitation turtle could relieve such kindness," Alice replied earnestly, and Gryphon said to the imitation turtle angrily.
"Well, there's nothing to taste! Will you sing 'Turtle Soup' to Alice, old friend?"

The imitation turtle began to sing in a low voice.
Sometimes my voice was cut off because I was trying to hold back my tears, but the song was like this.


"Beautiful soup, so rich and green,
Waiting in a hot tureen!
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
Beautiful, beautiful Soup!"

"Beautiful soup.  Who cares for fish,
Game, or any other dish?
Who would not give all else for two
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!"

"Chorus again!" cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had
just begun to repeat it, when a cry of "The trial's beginning!"
was heard in the distance.

"Come on!" cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand,
it hurried off, without waiting for the end of the song.

"What trial is it?" Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon
only answered "Come on!" and ran the faster, while more and more
faintly came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the
melancholy words:--


"Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
Beautiful, beautiful Soup!"