CHAPTER 11 Who Stole the Tarts?

When they arrived, Queen Hart and the king sat on the throne wearing a large crown, and both birds and animals were aligned like a set of cards.
The jacks were sitting in a chair with soldiers on both sides, and a white rabbit stood next to the king with a trumpet in one hand and a proclamation in the other.
In the middle of the courtroom was a table with appetizing tarts.
Alice got very hungry when she saw it, and thought, "I wish I were already eating snacks because the trial was over," but nothing changed.
So Alice spent time looking around.

Alice had never seen the court in person, but she had read it in a book.
Alice said, as the people in the court tried to remember their names, "That must be the judge. Because I wore a big wig on my head," he said to himself.

The judge was a king, wearing a crown over a big wig.
The king somehow looked uncomfortable and didn't fit in very well.

Alice went on to say, "And that's the jury. Twelve of them are sitting down," he said to himself.
(There were several beasts and birds sitting in the jury.)
"I mean, jurors," Alice said, proud of herself, repeating a couple of times.
That's reasonable because not many girls know this at the age of Alice.

The twelve-year-old jury was busy writing something on the stone tablet.
Alice said to Gryphon, "What are you doing? I shouldn't write something down before the trial begins, right?" he whispered.

Gryphon whispered as well.
"Writing down your name. Because we shouldn't forget before the trial is over."

Alice angrily said, "What a fool!" but hurriedly shut up as the White Rabbit shouted, "Be quiet in court!"
The king put on his glasses and looked at the court to see who was talking.

Alice looked over her shoulder and saw all the jurors writing "What a fool!" on the slate.
But they all misspelled it, and asked the person next to them what the consonant was for "equal."
Alice thought, "The jury's slate will be ruined before the trial is over!"

A jury squeaked every time he wrote down a pencil on a stone plate.
Alice, of course, could not stand up in court, so she turned around and grabbed the jury's pencil.
The poor juror (who was Bill the Lizard) took out his pencil and was unable to write anything on the stone tablet.

"Harold! Read the accusation!" said the king.

The White Rabbit played the trumpet three times, unfolded the scroll, and read it as follows.

"The Queen of Hearts baked the tart.
On a sunny summer day!
Jack of Hearts stole the tart.
Get him now! Bring him here!"

"Peace out!" the king said to the jury.

The rabbit said, "Not yet, not yet! We have to do something bigger before that."

When the king said, "First witness!" the White Rabbit blew the trumpet three times and shouted, "First witness!"

The first witness was a hat seller.
He came out with a teacup in one hand and butter bread in the other.
"I'm sorry to bring this with me, Your Majesty. But I haven't finished my refreshment yet when I was called in."

The king said, "Finish!" and asked, "When did you start?"

The hat seller looked at the March rabbit that came with him.
The March rabbit was following the hibernating mouse with its arms folded.
"The 14th March. I think."

"The fifteenth," said the March Hare.

"The sixteenth," added the hibernating mouse.

"Write it down," the king said to the jury, who eagerly wrote down all three dates on the slate whenever the numbers were added, but shortened them as if they were changing a ryang to a penny.

The king said to the Hatter. "Take off your hat!"

"It's not mine," replied the Hatter.

The king shouted, "You stole it!" and hurriedly turned to the jurors making the fact-checking papers.

The Hatter said, "I have it for sale. I don't have mine. Because I'm a hat seller," he explained.

While the Hatter turned pale and restless, the Queen wore glasses and stared at the Hatter.

"Give me proof!" said the king, "Don't tremble, or I'll execute you immediately."

Hearing this did not encourage the hat seller.
After receiving the queen's glare, he shook his feet and dropped a large loaf of bread in the teacup.

At this time, Alice felt a strange feeling that it would be better to turn big and get out of this place.
At first, I thought I should leave the court, but soon I changed my mind again and thought I should only be big enough to fill the court.

The hibernating mouse sitting next to her said to Alice.
"Can you not press it like that? I can't breathe.”

Alice said softly, "I can't do that. It's getting bigger," he replied.

"You have no right to grow up here," said the hibernating mouse.

Alice said out loud. "That's ridiculous! You're growing, too.”

"Yes, but I grow up at the right pace. "It's not growing so fast like you," he said, and the hibernating mouse became very angry and went to the other side of the court.

In the meantime, the queen did not even hit the eyes of the hat seller for a moment.
As the hibernating mouse crossed the courtroom, the queen ordered a policeman.
"Bring me the list of singers who participated in the last singing contest!"The poor hat seller trembled even more, and at last his shoes were taken off.

The king ordered again.
"Give me proof! Otherwise, I will execute you whether you tremble or not."

The Hatter replied in a shivering voice.
"Please feel sorry for me. Your Majesty! It hasn't even been a week. And how thin this buttered bread is, the tea is starting to sparkle --"

"What glitters?" asked the king.

"The car is starting to sparkle," replied the Hatter.

The king said, "He must be shining! Do you think I'm stupid? Go on!" he exclaimed.

"Please feel sorry for me. What is the most sparkling thing, said the March Hare--"

"I didn't!" the March Hare interrupted quickly.

"I did!" replied the Hatter.

"I deny it!" said the March Hare.

The king said, "I reject that part because he denies it."

The Hatter eagerly looked at the hibernation mouse, saying, "Then, at least in what the hibernation mouse said--", but the hibernation mouse refused nothing because he was dozing.

The Hatter continued."Then, I cut another bread with butter.”

Then one of the jurors asked.
"By the way, what did the hibernating mouse say?"

"I don't remember," replied the Hatter.

The king said, "You have to remember. Or I'll execute you!"

The poor hat-man dropped his teacup and bread, and kneeled down on one knee, saying, "Pity me. His Majesty," he resumed.

The king said, "It's a shame."

Then a guinea pig cheered, and the policeman quickly overpowered him.
(It's hard to say in a word how, but anyway, the officer had a large cloth bag that tightened the entrance with a string, which he put over Guinephig's head first and tied the string.)

Alice said, "I'm glad I saw that. When I read a newspaper in the past, I didn't know why I did it when I saw that the policeman immediately overpowered the person who clapped at the end of the trial, but now I understand."

The king said to the Hatter, "If that's what you know, you may get off."

The Hatter said, "I can't go any further down. It's already on the floor," he replied.

"Then sit down," said the king.

At this, another guinea pig cheered and was subdued again.

"End the guinea pig! I'll feel better now," Alice thought.

"I'll probably have to finish my refreshments," said the Hatter, looking anxiously at the Queen reading the list of singers.

When the king said, "You may go," the Hatter forgot to put on his shoes and hurried out of the courtroom.

The Queen ordered the officer, "And, go out and punch him in the neck," but the Hatter was already out of sight before the officer reached the door.

"Call the next witness!" said the king.

The next witness was the Duchess' chef.
When Alice saw that she was holding a box of pepper in one hand, she recognized it at once.
When the chef entered the door, everyone around him started sneezing.

"Give me proof!" said the king.

"I can't," said the chef.

When the king looked at the White Rabbit with an anxious eye, the White Rabbit lowered his voice and said, "Your Majesty, this witness must be cross-examined."

The king said in a sad voice, "Yes, I should do it if I have to," and frowned as he crossed his arms and looked outward beyond the chef.
Then, in a low voice, he asked, "What is the tart made of?"

"Crabs are pepper," said the chef.

A sleepy voice behind the chef said, "It's molasses."

"Strain the hibernating mouse!" cried the Queen.
"Hit the head of the hibernating mouse! Throw the hibernating mouse out of court! Overpower him! Pinch him! Pull out the leaves!"

Then they were all in a hurry, and the hibernating mouse was driven out.
Everyone made a fuss for some time and sat down again, and the chef disappeared.

"Never mind," said the king with a sigh of relief, and ordered, "Call the next witness!"
Then, in a low voice, he said to the Queen, "My love, the next witness really needs to be cross-examined. I hurt my forehead," he said.

Alice watched the White Rabbit rummage through the list, wondering who the next witness was, and said to herself, "I don't have any evidence yet."
Alice was surprised when the White Rabbit shouted the next witness in a high and sharp voice, because the White Rabbit shouted like this.

"ALICE!"