CHAPTER 12 Alice's Evidence

Alice sprang to her feet, saying, "Here," and in the meantime, she forgot how big she had gotten and got up in such a hurry that her skirt was caught on the jury.
So, the jury flipped over and hit their heads on the floor, just as Alice did when she flipped the goldfish tank last week.

Alice exclaimed in great embarrassment, "I'm sorry," and lifted the jury up and put it to her seat.

Alice, who still had the task of turning the goldfish tank upside down in her head, acted as if the jury would die if she did not put it back in her seat at once.

The king became very angry and declared, "Rest until all the jury returned to their seats!" and glared at Alice, emphasizing repeatedly.

Alice looked at the jury.
Alice was in a hurry, so the lizard was put upside down.
The lizard wagged its tail pitifully and was stuck. Alice picked up the lizard again and sat it down properly.
Alice said, "It doesn't mean much. I don't think lizards will be of much help in a trial anyway," he said to himself.

The jurors all returned to their seats, picked up stone tablets and pencils, and diligently began to write down the entire process of the accident.
Only the lizard stared at the court ceiling because there was nothing to write about.

The king asked Alice.
"What do you know about this?"

"I don't know anything," Alice replied.

"Anything, nothing?" the king asked persistently.

"Nothing at all," said Alice.

"It's a very important testimony," the king said, looking back at the jurors who are now properly holding the tablets and recording them.
Then the White Rabbit intervened and said, "Of course, your Majesty's word means it doesn't matter."
The White Rabbit's voice was very polite, but he was frowning a lot.

The king hurriedly said, "Of course, it means it's not important," and repeated in a small voice, "It's important - it's not important - it's important - it's not important," until it's

Some jurors wrote "important" on the slate, others wrote "important" and Alice could stand beside and see what was written on the slate.
"But, who cares," thought Alice.

At this time, the king eagerly wrote something in his notebook, shouted "Quiet!" and read what he had written.
"Rule 42. Anyone who is over a mile tall must leave the court."

Everyone looked at Alice.

"I'm not a mile tall," Alice said.

"Pay," said the king.

The Queen added: "It looks almost two miles old.

Alice said, "I'm not going anyway. That's not even a legitimate rule. I just made it up."

When the king said, "That's the oldest rule written here," Alice said, "Then it should be Rule One."

The king spoke to the jury in a low, trembling voice.
"Peace out."

Then the White Rabbit said, "There is still evidence to be submitted. Your Majesty," he quickly jumped up and said, "Here's the document just submitted."

"What?" asked the Queen.

The White Rabbit said, "I haven't opened it yet. But it's like a letter from an incarcerated prisoner to someone."

The king said, "Of course there will be someone who will receive it. What good is a letter without a recipient. That's right," he said.

"Who are you pointing at?" asked one of the jurors.

The White Rabbit said, "No one is pointing. In fact, there's nothing written on the envelope." He opened the document and said, "This is not a letter. There's a poem written on it," he said.

"The handwriting of the prisoner?" asked another jury.

"No," replied the White Rabbit, "what a strange thing to do."
(Then the jury all panicked.)

The king said, "Somebody must have copied someone else's handwriting."
(The faces of all the jury were bright again.)

"Your Majesty," said Jack.
"That's not what I wrote. I can't prove that I wrote it. It's not even signed."

The king said, "If I didn't sign it, I would have made a bigger mistake. If you weren't trying to play a prank, you should have written your name honestly."

Then applause poured out because this was the only wise thing the king said that day.

The Queen said, "That proved guilty."

"Nothing has been proven!" asked Alice, "why don't you even try to read it?"

"Read it!" commanded the king.

The White Rabbit took out his glasses and asked, "Your Majesty, may I begin?"

The king said solemnly, "Start reading from the very beginning and stop reading from the end."

The White Rabbit read the following poem.


"They said you went to her.
I told him this about me.
She was nice to me.
I told you I couldn't swim.

He told them I didn't go.
(We know he's right):
If she pushes it,
What will you be?

I gave her one, he gave them two.
You gave us more than three.
They went back to you from him.
Although they used to be mine.

Either I or she can get in on this.
If I had a chance,
He believes you'll let them go.
Just like we did.

I think you're the one.
(Before she packed this)
Between him and us and it,
I thought it was an obstacle.

Don't let him know she likes them best.
No matter what happens, it's a must.
It's a secret to keep from everyone else.
Only you and I should know."

"This is the most important evidence I've ever heard," the king said, rubbing his hands.
"So now the jury --"

"That doesn't explain anything!" said Alice.
(In the meantime, Alice grew bigger and was not afraid to interrupt the king.)
"I'll give him six pence. I don't think this is meaningless at all."

All the jurors wrote on the stone tablet, "She doesn't think it's meaningful at all," but none of the jurors tried to explain what was written on the paper.

"If it means nothing," the king began.
"In other words, I saved the world in trouble. You know, we don't have to find anything. But I don't know yet.”

The king spread the paper on his lap and continued, looking sideways.
"I think there's a meaning here.
Anyway, '--I told you I couldn't swim--'
Can't you swim? Do you know how to do it?"
The king looked back at Jack.

Jack shook his head sadly and said, "May I take a look?"
(Jack's body was carded, so he really couldn't.)

"All right, so far," the king grumbled and rummaged through the paper with the poem on it.

"'We know he's right' means, of course, a jury.
'I gave her one, he gave them two--'
Why? You must have done something with the tart."

"But then it says, 'They went back to you from him,'" Alice said.

"Why not? I did!"

The king proudly pointed to the tart on the table.
"It couldn't be more obvious.
Then again, '-- before she packs this--'
Honey, you've never packed this before, have you? I think," said the king, and looked at the queen.

"Never!"
The queen snapped and threw the ink bottle at the lizard.
(Lucky little Bill scribbled one finger on the stone as if it were a pen, but nothing was written down.
But now I'm busy rewriting it with ink, and it splashes on my face and by the time I'm done, I'm a clown.)

"Then, I can't wrap you up with such words," the king smiled as he looked around the court.
Everyone was silent.

Everyone laughed when the king said angrily, "That's what you said!"
The king said again what he had repeated about 20 times that day.
"The jury is now in a verdict."

"No, it's not. Sentencing comes first and verdicts later," said the Queen.

"That's ridiculous! I can't believe I'm going to sentence you first!Alice cried.

"Watch your mouth!" said the Queen with a red face.

Alice shouted, "No!"
"Hit your neck!" cried the Queen, as sharp as a tear, and no one moved.

Alice replied, "Who cares about those words?"
(At this time Alice was growing to her original size.)

"You're just a deck of cards!"

Then all the cards stood up, soared into the air, and fell on Alice.
Alice was both frightened and angry, so she screamed and tried to shake them off.

At that moment, Alice woke up and realized that she was lying on the bank of the river with her sister's knees on.
The sister was gently removing the leaves that fell one or two from Alice's face.

She said, "ALICE, wake up! I sleep for a long time."

"I had a really weird dream!"

Alice told her sister this strange adventure story that you have read so far in your dreams as much as you can remember.

She kissed Alice.
"It was a really strange dream. But now I have to go for tea. It's late," he said.
Alice ran away, thinking it was a strange dream.

However, my sister sat with her chin tucked in even after Alice ran away and thought of Alice's strange adventure as she watched the sunset.

Then I fell asleep and had a dream.
This is my sister's dream :-

At first, my sister had a dream about little Alice.

Once again, I put my small hand on my knee and held it tightly and looked at the bright shining eyes.
My sister heard the voices of Alice's various tones, and saw the hair keep going into her eyes every time she shook her head.

Then, the strange animals in Alice's dream appeared and seemed to be heard surrounding her.

The long grasses rustled like a white rabbit running under his feet.
The frightened mouse slipped past and hid in the cave.

The March Rabbit and his friends had a never-ending tea party, and we could hear the teacups bumping into each other.
The Queen's voice was also heard yelling at unlucky guests to be hanged and executed.

The pig baby sneezed again on the Duchess' lap, and the dish broke apart around it.
The Gryphon cried out again, and the Lizard again scribbled a pencil on the stone tablet and squeaked.
The suppressed guinea pig was tied up again, and a poor imitation turtle could be sniffed in the distance.

So she sat down and closed her eyes and imagined she was in a strange country.
When I open my eyes, I'll come back to a boring reality.

The grass was rustling around and the reeds next to the puddle shook.
The sound of the sheep clattering the bells turned into the clatter of teacups, and the cries of the shepherd boy turned into the Queen's roar.

The loud noises from the nearby ranch turned into the sound of a baby sneezing and the cry of a griffon.
The low cry of a cow in the distance became the sniffle of an imitation turtle.

Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman;
and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: 
and how she would gather about her other little children, and make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: 
and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days......

- The end. -