CHAPTER 1 Down the Rabbit-Hole

Alice sat with her sister on the bank of the river doing nothing, and gradually became very bored.
I glanced once or twice at the book that my sister was reading, but there were no pictures and no conversations.

Alice thought, "What on earth is the use of books without pictures and conversations?"

So Alice stood up and thought to herself whether the trouble of picking the daisy would outweigh the joy of weaving the daisy.
(It could have been because I felt very sleepy and stupid because of the hot weather.)

Then, a white rabbit with pink eyes ran past Alice.

There was nothing special about the scene.
And the rabbit was like, "Oh my god! Oh my god! It must be too late!" thought Alice, even when she heard herself say to herself.
(It was only later that I knew I should have been surprised at this point, but everything seemed so natural at this point.)

However, seeing the rabbit rushing her steps after taking the watch out of her pocket, it occurred to me that Alice had never seen a rabbit wearing a vest or taking the watch out of it before.
Then Alice became curious and chased the rabbit and started running across the field.

And luckily, I could see the rabbit snuck into a big rabbit hole just below the hedge.

The next moment, Alice was running into the cave after the rabbit.
I didn't even think about how to get out again.

The rabbit hole seemed to lead straight like a tunnel, but suddenly it went down.
It was so sudden that she didn't even have time to stop, that Alice was already falling into a very deep well when she noticed the situation.

Perhaps because the well was deep or because it was falling slowly, Alice had enough time to look around and think about what would happen next.

First, Alice looked down and tried to figure out where it was falling.
But it was too dark to see anything.

Alice picked up a bottle of "orange marmalade" from one shelf on her way down.
But to my great disappointment, the bottle was empty.

Alice thought that if she just dropped the bottle, someone below might get hit and die, so she managed to put the bottle back in the cupboard.

"Now that I've fallen this far, it's nothing to fall down the stairs!" thought Alice.

"How brave my whole family must think I am! No, even if I fall off the top of my house, I won't say anything as if it's nothing!"
(This is probably true.)

Down, down, down. Is there an end?
"How many miles have I fallen so far?" said Alice aloud.

"Maybe he's getting closer to the middle of the earth. Let's see, maybe 4,000 miles down.”

(Like this, Alice learned many things of this kind in school class.
Of course, no one listened, so I didn't think it was a very good opportunity to show off my knowledge, but speaking is still a good practice.)

"Yes, that's about the distance. Then, how do I represent the latitude and longitude of where I am?"
(Alice had no idea what latitude or longitude was. I just thought it was a very nice word to say.)

Alice began to speak again immediately.

"I don't even know if I'm going straight through the earth! How ridiculous would I look if I popped up among the people walking with their heads down! They must be half-hearted."
(Alice thought it was fortunate that no one was listening this time. Because it didn't sound like a proper word.)

"However, you will have to ask which country it is. Excuse me, ma'am, is this New Zealand? Or is it Australia?"
(As she said this, Alice bent her knees to greet her politely. What a nice greeting to bend your knees in the air even when you're falling! Can you do that?)

"Then how ignorant would you think of me as a girl?" No, I'll never ask. Maybe I should look for a place with the name of the country written on it.”

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice began to say again.

"Dina will miss me very much tonight. Absolutely!"
(Dina is a cat.)

"I hope you don't forget to give Dina milk at tea time. My lovely Dinah! I wish you'd come down here with me.
There are no mice in the air, but bats may be able to catch them. It's very similar to a mouse. But do cats eat bats?"

Alice felt a little sleepy and said, "Does a cat eat a bat?" as if she were dreaming. Does the cat eat bats?" he muttered.

Sometimes I said, "Do bats eat cats?"
Alice couldn't answer either question, but it wasn't a big deal either way.

Alice was falling asleep, and at last she began to dream of taking a walk hand in hand with Dinah.
Alice said to Dina in her dream, "Dina, tell me the truth now. Have you ever eaten a bat?"

Then suddenly, with a thud! thud, Alice fell on a bundle of tree branches and dried leaves.
It was all down.

Alice was not hurt at all.
Alice jumped to her feet immediately.

I looked up, but there was nothing but darkness.

There was a long passage in front of Alice, and I could see the white rabbit still in a hurry there.

And soon the white rabbit disappeared.
Alice followed like the wind, but only heard the white rabbit turn the corner and say:

"Oh, my ears, beard. You're going to be late. You're going to be late.”

Alice followed the white rabbit closely around the corner, but she saw no more white rabbit.

Alice found herself standing in a very long hallway with lamps lining the ceiling.

There were several doors around the corridor, but they were all locked.
Alice walked around and tried to open all the doors, but none of them opened.

Alice returned helplessly to the middle of the hallway, worrying about how she could get out again.

Suddenly, Alice reached a table with three legs.
The table was made of glass, and on top of it was a very small golden key.
At first Alice thought she could open the door here with this key.

But, oh! The lock was too big or the key was too small.
With this key, there was no way to open the door surrounding the hallway.

Alice looked around again carefully and found a curtain she had not found at first.
Behind the curtain was a very small door, only 15 inches high.
Just in case, I put in a small golden key, and it happily fits!

Alice opened the door and looked inside.
The door was connected by a small passage, no bigger than a mouse hole.

Alice knelt down and looked into the aisle, which led to a beautiful garden for the first time in her life.
How much Alice wanted to get out of the dark hallway and stroll through the flowery garden.

However, I couldn't even put my head in the door.

Poor ALICE...
"Even if my head passes by, I can't put my shoulders in.
What's the point of a brain without shoulders.
Oh, I wish I could fold like a telescope.
At first, I thought, "I think I can do it if I know how to fold it."

With so many crazy things happening, Alice gradually began to think that there was almost nothing impossible.

It was of no use waiting by the door, so Alice returned to the table, hoping for any other keys.
Or at least a book that says how to fold a person's body like a telescope.

This time there was a small bottle on the table.
"This wasn't there before," Alice said.

The bottlenecked paper cover read "Drink me" in large, beautiful letters.
The bottle clearly says "Drink me," but the clever Alice didn't rush.

"No, let me take a look first," said Alice.
"I'll have to see if it says 'poison' somewhere."

Alice had read several stories about a child being burned by a fire, eaten by an animal, or other bad things.
It all happened because they didn't remember the simple rules they had learned before.

For example, if you hold a hot spot, you will burn it, and if you cut your finger too deep with a knife, you will bleed.
And Alice knew clearly that drinking something in a bottle that said "poison" would make her ill sooner or later.

However, there was no 'poison' written anywhere in the bottle.
So Alice bravely tasted it first.

Because it tasted good.
(It tasted like a combination of butch tart, custard, pineapple, roasted turkey, peanut candy, and buttered hot toast.)
Alice emptied the bottle at once.

"It's a strange feeling! I guess I'm folding like a telescope," Alice said.
It really was.

Alice was now only ten inches tall, shrinking.
Alice's face brightened at the thought that it was now the right size to go through the door and into the beautiful garden.

However, Alice decided to wait a few minutes first to see if her body would shrink further.
Alice was a little worried that she might.

"What if it's completely gone like a candle? Then what would I look like?" Alice said.

Then Alice tried to remember what the flame looked like after she blew out the candle, but she didn't even remember seeing it.

When nothing happened after a while, Alice decided to go to the garden.
But Alice, who went to the door, realized that she had sadly left a small golden key on the table.

Back at the table, Alice realized that she could not reach the key.
The key was clearly visible over the glass table, but no matter how hard I tried to climb, the legs of the table were too slippery to climb.

Tired Alice sat down and cried.

"Crying doesn't make it work. Stop crying now."
Alice said to herself firmly.

Alice often advised herself (although it was very rare to do as she was told) or pressed herself to stop crying.
Once, he played a croquet game alone as if they were two people, and put his cheek up in exchange for cheating on him.

"But it's useless to act like there are two people now. Why is one person not enough for me?" thought poor Alice.

Before long Alice found a small box under the table.
There was a small cake inside and on top of it was written "Eat Me" with raisins.

"All right, I'll eat it. If I eat this and get bigger, I can have the key I left on the table, and if it gets smaller, I can get out of the door. Then we can go to the garden. I don't care either way!”

Alice ate a piece of cake and murmured anxiously.
"Which one is it? Which one is it?"

Then Alice put her hand on her head and saw whether she was getting taller or smaller, but surprisingly, she remained the same.
Eating cake won't make you taller, of course, because Alice wasn't expecting anything normal boring and boring except that something crazy was going to happen.
So Alice quickly ate up the cake.
Then he turned to the side and found that the wall of the well was filled with cupboards and bookshelves.
Maps and pictures were hanging here and there.