CHAPTER 2 The Pool of Tears

"Curiouser and curiouser!" cried Alice.
(Alice was so surprised that she couldn't even speak properly.)

"Now I'm spread out like the biggest telescope in the world. Goodbye - my feet!"
(When Alice looked at her feet, she was far away, so she could barely see.)

"Oh, my poor little feet. Now someone will put socks on my feet and shoes on me. I won't be able to do it.
It's too far for me to tell you guys, and you'll have a real problem.
It's best if you do it yourself, but I'll have to do whatever I want," Alice thought.

"Or maybe my feet won't walk when I want to! What should I do? Guys, I'll buy you new shoes every Christmas.”

Alice thought about how she could give a present.


"You'll have to call a shipping company. By the way, it's gonna look really? I can't believe he gave his foot a present. How strange is the address!

ALICE's right foot.
a fireplace rug
by the wire mesh of the stove
(With love, ALICE)

God, what am I saying?”


At this time, Alice's head hit the ceiling.
Alice had already grown more than nine feet tall.

Alice quickly picked up the gold key on the table and opened the door.

Poor Alice! All Alice could do was lie on one side and look into the door with one eye.
So I couldn't even think of passing by there.

Alice sat down and began to cry again.

"You should be ashamed of yourself. A grown girl cries," Alice said.
(This time I spoke admirably.)

"I can't believe I cried like this. Stop! I told you said.

But at that time, the tears that Alice had already shed filled the room and became a big puddle.
The pool was four feet deep, half the height of the room.

Then I heard footsteps somewhere.
Alice wiped away her tears and looked at what was coming.

The white rabbit was coming back earlier.
The rabbit was dressed in nice clothes, holding a pair of white gloves in one hand and a large fan in the other.

The rabbit hops and murmurs, approaching in great haste.
"Oh, the Duchess, the Duchess. If I make her wait, I won't let you go."

Alice opened her mouth in a small, low voice as the rabbit approached, because it was time to ask for help no matter who passed by.

"Well, if you don't mind……”

The rabbit was surprised, dropped his gloves and fan, and rushed off into the darkness as quickly as he could.

Alice picked up a fan and gloves.

It was so hot in the room that Alice fanned herself.

"Oh, my God. What a strange day today! Everything was normal yesterday. Did I change during the night? Let's think.
Am I the same me when I woke up this morning? I think I can remember feeling a little different.
But if I'm not like myself in the morning, the next question is, then who am I? Ah! It's a very complicated mystery."

Meanwhile, Alice thought of children about her age and wondered if they had changed into one of them.

'I'm definitely not Ather,' said Alice.


"Her hair is too long and curly. Mine doesn't curl.
And, as far as I know, I certainly can't even be Mable. He knows too little. Besides, she's him and I'm me.

And, uh... oops, why does everything become such a complicated mystery! I'll have to see if I remember everything I knew properly.

Let's see, 4 times 5 is 12, 4 times 6 is 13, 4 times 7 is...
I can't make it to 20 like this! However, multiplication tables are not that important, so let's think about geography.

London is the capital of Paris, Paris is the capital of Rome...… No, it's all wrong. I'm sure! I think I've become Mable!

I'll have to recite "How Can You Be careful. Then he would cross his hands and follow along, as he did in class.
But she has a strange husky voice and doesn't talk like anyone else does...…
I'll have to recite a poem that starts with "How small is it?""


Alice put her hands in her lap, as in class, and began to memorize the poem.
However, Alice's voice came out rough and strange, and the content came out differently.


How can such a small crocodile be?
Raise your shiny tail like this.
All the rivers of the Nile,
and spread it all over the golden scales.

How can you smile like that?
with sharp claws straightened out
Welcome the fish.
Into your kindly smiling mouth

"This is certainly not the right thing to do."
Poor Alice began to cry again.

"It must have been Mable. And I'll live in that shabby house. There are no toys and you can't play.
Oh! And you'll only learn a lot of studying. No, I made up my mind.
If I were Mable, I'd just stay here! People put their heads in the holes.
"Hurry up and come back up, kid." "Then who am I?" Tell me first.'
If I like being that person, I'll go up, but I'll just stay here. You have to do it until you become a different person again.
But, dear!"

Alice burst into tears.
"I just wish people would put their heads in the holes! I'm so tired of being here alone.”

Alice looked down at her hand as she said this.
Then I was surprised to find one of the rabbit's little white gloves in my hand.

'How did I do this?' thought Alice.

"It must have gotten smaller again."

Alice got up and compared her height to the table.
As Alice thought, Alice was about two feet tall, and in the meantime, she was rapidly decreasing.

Alice quickly noticed that the fan she had had had made her shorter, and quickly dropped it just before it shrank completely.

"That was close!" said Alice.
Although frightened by the sudden change, I was glad that it did not completely disappear.

"Now, then, into the garden!" Alice ran at full speed toward the little door.
Oops! The little door was closed, and the little golden key was still on the table.

'It only got worse!' thought Alice.

At that moment, Alice's foot slipped. Splash! Salty water touched Alice's cheeks.

At first Alice thought she had fallen into the sea.
"Then I'll take the train back," thought Alice.

(Alice had only been to the beach once.From there, I came to think that there were several changing spaces on the coast of England floating on the sea, children playing with sand with wooden shovels, there were accommodations one after another, and there was a train station after that.)

Alice soon realized that this was actually a puddle of tears that she shed when she was nine feet tall.
"Don't cry so much!" said Alice, swimming through the puddle and looking for a place to escape.

"I will be punished for shedding so many tears that I fall into my tears and die. It's a really strange thing. But today is a strange day for everything."

Then I heard a splash somewhere.
Alice swam up to find out what it was.

Alice first thought it might be a walrus or a hippo.
However, Alice remembered that she had become smaller and knew that the animal that was swimming was a mouse that slipped in the puddle like Alice.

"Would it help to talk to this mouse?" Alice thought.

"Everything is weird here, so I think mice can talk. Anyway, there's no harm in trying."

Then Alice talked to the mouse.
"Oh, it's a mouse. Do you know the way out of this puddle? I'm so tired from swimming. Oh, it's a mouse."

(Alice thought this was the right way to talk to a mouse.
Alice had never spoken to a mouse before,
When my brother learned Latin grammar,
It was because I remembered saying, "A mouse to a mouse, a mouse to a mouse.")

The mouse looked at Alice with a curious look on his face and seemed to have winked one eye, but said nothing.

Alice said, "Maybe she doesn't understand English. Is it a French mouse that came over with William the Conqueror?" I thought.
(Alice didn't know exactly when and how long it was written in history.)

So Alice spoke in French.
"Where is my cat?"

It was a sentence written at the beginning of Alice's French textbook.

For a moment, the mouse jumped up and seemed to tremble with fear.
Alice cried urgently because she felt she had hurt the poor animal's heart.

"Forgive me! I forgot you don't like cats.”

The mouse answered sharply and loudly.
"I hate cats! Would you like a cat if you were me?”

"Well, you probably don't like it," Alice said soothingly to the mouse.

"Don't be angry. I miss my cat, Dina. You'll like Dina when you see her, too. It's so lovely."
Alice swam slowly, half telling herself.

"Dina sits next to the fire and is really nice. I lick my feet and wash my face. Soft and lovely. And, I'm really good at catching mice -- oh, sorry!”
Alice spoke out again.

The mouse seemed angry this time.
Alice thought it was really rude this time.

"If you don't like it, I should stop talking about Dina."

"Of course!" said the mouse aloud, shaking the tip of its drooping tail.

"Let's stop talking about that! My family hates dirty, lowly ignorant things like cats! Don't talk about it again!"

'All right,' Alice quickly changed the subject.
"Do you -- do you -- do you like dogs?”

Alice said eagerly when the mouse did not say anything.

"A really cool dog lives next door to us. I love looking at the dog.
You know, he's a terrier with sparkling eyes. Ah, curly brown fur! If you throw something, run and pick it up again. Then sit down and ask for something to eat.
And there's a lot of cool stuff -- I don't even remember half of it'
You know, and the dog is kept by a farmer. The farmer said it was a really useful dog, and it cost hundreds of pounds! The farmer said, "The dog catches mice well, and -- oops!"

Alice said in an apologetic voice.
"I must have hurt your heart again!”

The mouse was swimming far away with all its might, splashing and creating a current.
Alice said softly, "Mice! Come back. If you don't like it, I won't talk about cats or dogs," he said.

The mouse heard the sound and swam slowly back.
The mouse's face was pale.
(I thought Alice looked angry.)

The mouse spoke in a trembling voice.
"Let's get out of the puddle for now. Then I'll tell you my story. Then you'll know why I hate cats and dogs."

After a long time, other animals and birds were missing in the pool.
There was a duck, a dodo bird, a parakeet, a young eagle, and some strange animals.

Alice took the lead and swam out of the puddle with these animals.