CHAPTER 3 A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

The crowd gathered on the bank after leaving the puddle looked ridiculous.

The feathers of the birds were wet and droopy, and the fur of the animals clung to their bodies.
Everyone was soaking wet that the water was dripping that they were annoyed and uncomfortable.

The first task, of course, was how to dry the body again.

The animals gave their opinions to each other, so Alice was naturally interrupting and talking to them as if she had known them all her life.

In fact, Alice had a long argument with the parakeet.
The parakeet eventually grew thin, and said, "I know better, because I'm older than you."

Before Alice knew the age of the parakeet, she had no way of knowing whether the words were true, but there was no further conversation, as the parakeet flatly refused to reveal her age.

Finally, one of the animals, a mouse that seemed to be still authoritative, said this.
"Everyone, sit down and listen to me. I'll let you dry up soon."

The animals sat in a circle around the mouse at once.
Alice also opened her eyes wide and looked anxiously at the mouse, thinking that she would catch a bad cold if she didn't dry herself quickly.

"Ahem!" began the mouse with a conceited air.

"Are you ready? This is the driest story I know. Please be quiet!
William the Conqueror, who had earned his cause by the favor of the Pope, was immediately subject to the English people who wanted a leader and were so accustomed to being plundered and conquered.
Edwin and Morcar, Counts of Mercia and Northumbria--'

At this time, the parakeet "coughed" and trembled.

The mouse squashed his eyes, but said politely.
"Excuse me, what did you say?"

"No!" replied the parakeet hastily.

"I thought you said something, so let's keep talking."
said the Mouse.

'Edwin and Morkar, Counts of Mercia and Northumbria, announced that they would follow William. Even the patriotic Archbishop of Canterbury Stegund knew it was valid. -- ’”

"What did you know?" asked the duck.

"I knew it," replied the mouse.

"Of course you know what 'it' means.

"I know what 'it' is. When I know something, it's usually a frog or a bug. By the way, what did the archbishop find out?" said the duck.

The mouse did not hear the duck's question and quickly continued the story.

'The Archbishop found it reasonable for Edgar Elling to visit William and hand him the crown. William was courteous at first, but the arrogant Normans--'
"Hey, how are you?"
The mouse turned to Alice, saying:

"I've never been so wet. I don't think the story stops me from getting wet."
Alice replied in a melancholy voice.

Then, the Dodo stood up, raised his foot, and said sternly.
"Then, I will take a recess to introduce a more active method right away.”

"Speak up!" said the young eagle.

"I don't even understand half of what you're saying. Besides, I don't think you know what you're talking about."

Then the young eagle lowered its head to hide its laughter.
Some other birds giggled and laughed aloud.

"What I'm going to say," said the Dodo in a slightly angry voice.
"It's best to have a caucus race to dry your body.”

"What is a caucus race?" asked Alice.

In fact, Alice didn't feel like she needed to know that much.

However, the Dodo paused as if someone had to ask, and asked because no one seemed to want to ask something.

"What," said the Dodo.
"The best way to explain something is to try."

(You may try to do it yourself in the middle of winter, so here's how the Dodo did it.)

The Dodo first drew something similar and made a raceway.

The Dodo said, "It doesn't have to be the exact circle."

And each of them settled here and there on the racetrack.
There was no "preparation, start" and you could have started when you wanted to start and come out when you wanted to, but of course it was difficult to know when the race was over.

However, after running for about half an hour, the Dodo suddenly shouted, "The race is over!" and by that time he was quite thin.

The animals gathered in the raceway gasped and asked, "By the way, who won?"

The Dodo couldn't answer easily, so he sat with his finger on his forehead and thought for a long time.
(A common pose in Shakespeare's paintings.)

Meanwhile, the animals waited quietly.

Finally, the Dodo said, "Everyone won. So everyone should get an award."

"Then who will give you the prize?" everyone asked.

"Well, of course, this kid here will give it to you," the Dodo pointed his finger at Alice.

Then all the animals flocked to Alice, saying, "Give me a prize! Give me a prize!"
Alice put her hand in her pocket in a hurry, not knowing what to do.

By the way, there was a bag of candy in the pocket.
(Fortunately, the candy didn't contain salt water.)

Alice gave the animals candy as a prize.
The candy went right for everyone.

"But he should get candy, too," said the mouse.

"Of course," replied the Dodo very seriously, "and turned to Alice, "do you have anything left in your pocket?"

"There's only one thimble," Alice replied, depressed.

"Give it to me," said the Dodo bird.

Then everyone gathered around Alice once again.

The Dodo handed the thimble solemnly and said, "Please accept this elegant thimble," and everyone cheered.

Alice thought all this was ridiculous, but she dared not laugh because everyone seemed so serious.
Alice had nothing to say, so she greeted her slightly and accepted the thimble as seriously as possible.

The next task was eating candy.

One word at a time caused a stir in this matter.

The big birds complained that the liver didn't even notice it, and the small animals had to pat the back because the candy was stuck in their necks.
Anyway, they all ate candy, and they sat in a circle again, begging the mouse to tell more stories.

"I told you I'd tell you your story."
Alice said in a small voice, worried that she might hurt the mouse's heart again.
"Why do you hate animals that start with 'go' and animals that start with 'river?'" he added.

The mouse looked back at Alice and sighed, "This is such a long, sad, tail-to-tail story."

Alice looked at the mouse's tail in wonder, saying, "Yes, it must be a long tail."

"But why is it sad?"
While the mouse continued the story, Alice tried to find out why the tail was sad, and eventually thought that this was what the mouse was trying to say.

"The dog 'Fury' said to the mouse he met at home.
Let's follow the law. I'm going to sue you. Look, you can't resist. I have to go to the presiding judge. I mean it. I don't have much to do this morning anyway.’

The mouse said this to the dog.
Look, is it a court without a jury or a judge? It's a waste.'

Then, the old dog said,
I'm the judge, jury. You're guilty of everything. So it's the death penalty.’"

"You're not listening!" the mouse asked Alice cruelly.

"What are you thinking?”

"I'm sorry," Alice said, and asked, "is that the story has been bent five times now?"

The mouse, in a very angry voice, said sharply, "No, you're not following me at all. Sunset!" he cried.

"It's a knot!" Alice said, looking at the mouse with a worried look on her face, as she was always ready to help someone.
"I'll help you solve it!"

The mouse said, "It doesn't happen," and then got up from his seat and left, saying, "You insulted me with nonsense!"

"That's not what I meant!" pleaded poor Alice.
"By the way, you get really sulky!"

The mouse only snorted at this remark.

Alice called the mouse, saying to the mouse's back, "Please come back and finish the story."
Then, all the animals gathered together begged in one voice, saying, "Please tell me a story."

However, the mouse only moved its head and walked faster.

When the mouse was no longer in sight, the parakeet said, "It's a pity that you just walked away."

The old crab got a chance to say a word to her daughter.
"Look at this, my dear, and realize why you shouldn't get angry at the slightest provocation."

Then the little crab replied, "Don't nag, Mom!"
"I'm sick of being told to shut up like a clam!"

Alice muttered to herself, not to mention anyone.
"I wish our Dina was here. Then I'll catch the mouse quickly."

When the parakeet heard this, he said, "But who is Dina? Will you let me know?"

Alice answered excitedly, without hesitation, because she always wanted to talk about her pet.
"Dina is our cat. He's a really good rat catcher. You can't even imagine it! You should watch Dina catch a bird, too! Well, when you see a bird, you eat it in a flash!"

The animals gathered in this story were stunned.
Some birds left straight away.

The magpie crouched and said, "I have to go home! The night air is not good for my throat."
The mother canary called the children together in a trembling voice, "Guys, it's time for bed."

After all the animals left for one reason or another, Alice was alone again.

"I shouldn't have brought up Dina," Alice said in a sad voice.
"No one here likes Dina. However, Dina is really the coolest cat in the world! Oh, my sweet Dina! Will I ever see you again?"
Saying this, poor Alice began to cry again.

Alice was really lonely and her mood sank to the fullest.

How long has it been, I heard a small sound of footsteps again somewhere.

Alice looked up, expecting the mouse to change his mind and come back to finish the story.