CHAPTER 4 The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill

It was the white rabbit that came back with frequent steps.
The rabbit looked around with a worried look on his face, and seemed to be looking for something.

"Duchess! Duchess! Oh, my foot! My leather! My beard! I'm gonna be executed. I'm as sure as a weasel is! Where the hell did I drop it?"

Alice thought the rabbit might be looking for the fan and gloves she dropped earlier.
The kind-hearted Alice looked again for where they were, but couldn't see where they had gone.

Everything seemed to have changed while Alice swam in the puddle.
The large hallway with glass tables and small doors also disappeared.

When Alice was looking for things, the rabbit soon noticed Alice.

The rabbit said in an angry voice, "What happened? Mary Ann, what the hell are you doing here? Go home now and get your fans and gloves. Quick! Now!" he exclaimed.

Alice ran to the rabbit's point without having time to say that she had seen a person wrong because she was scared.
Alice ran and said to herself, "You must have thought I was a maid."

"How surprised would you be to find out that I'm not a maid?" But first, I'll have to find you a fan and gloves. If I can find it.”
While she was saying this, Alice arrived at a neatly built little house.

There was a doorplate made of bright brass on the gate, which was inscribed with "White Rabbit."
Alice was afraid of being kicked out before she met the real Mary Ann and found the fan and gloves, so she went in without knocking and hurried upstairs.

"What a strange thing to do."
Alice said to herself.
"I can't believe I'm running an errand for a rabbit. Next time, Dina might ask me to run an errand!"

Then Alice began to imagine what it would really be like to happen.

'Miss Alice, come here and get ready for a walk now.’
'Yomo, hurry up and come here. I can't move because I'm watching a mouse in a rat hole. By the way, I'm not thinking about this rat coming out.’
If Dina forces people around like this, no one will stop her!"

Around this time, Alice entered a very small room with a table by the window.

On the table were fans and some small children's white gloves (as Alice wished).
Just as she was about to leave the room with a fan and a pair of gloves, Alice found a small bottle lying on the table.

This time, there was no such label as "Drink me," but Alice opened the cap and put the bottle to her lips.

"Something interesting is sure to happen."
Alice murmured.

"Because I did that every time I ate or drank something. Let's see what this disease causes. I hope my body gets bigger again this time. I don't like it this small anymore.”

But it really did.
Faster than Alice expected.

Before drinking half the bottle, Alice noticed that her head had already touched the ceiling.
Alice had to bend over so as not to break her neck.

Alice said to herself, putting down the bottle urgently.
"That's enough. I hope it doesn't get any bigger. I won't even be able to get out of this door. I hope I didn't drink too much."

Oh, no! It's too late to do as Alice wished.
Alice kept getting bigger and soon couldn't help but bend her knees.

But after a while, there was no room for that.
Alice tried a posture as if she was lying on the floor, with one elbow touching the door and the other covering her head.

Meanwhile, Alice was getting bigger.

Alice said as a last resort, one arm out of the window and her foot outstretched to the chimney.
"I can't do it anymore. What will happen to me?"

Fortunately, the medicine in the small bottle ran out and Alice didn't get any bigger.
But the posture was still uncomfortable.
Moreover, there seemed to be no way out of the room again.
Alice thought she was unhappy.

"It was better to stay at home," thought Alice.

Rather than getting bigger and smaller or taking orders from mice or rabbits.
I guess I shouldn't have come into the rabbit hole. But--but, but, I'm so curious! What will happen to me next time!
When I read fairy tales, I thought such a strange thing could never really happen, but it's full of strange things here!
It doesn't make sense unless it's a fairy tale book where I'm the main character!
When I grow up, I should write a book like that. But it's all grown up.”

Alice added in a sad voice.
"Anyway, there's no room in this room to get bigger."

Alice kept thinking.
"Then I can't get any older? It would be comfortable not to be an old woman. But then you have to keep studying, right? I don't like that!"

"Silly Alice!" Alice continued to herself.
"What kind of study can you do here?" I'm cramped at all, so there's no place to put textbooks!"

While Alice continued the story as if she were talking alternately, a voice came from outside.
Alice stopped talking to herself.

It was a cry of "Mary Ann! Mary Ann!"
"Get my fans and gloves right now!"

A small plop of foot led to the stairs.
Alice knew that the rabbit had come looking for her.
Alice forgot for a moment that she had no need to be afraid because she was thousands of times bigger than the rabbit, and trembled with fear enough to shake the house.

The rabbit has now arrived at the door.
Then I pushed the door.
But the door was a door that opened inward, and inside, Alice's elbow was blocking the door, so the door remained motionless.

Alice heard the rabbit muttering, "Well, I'll turn around and go through the window."

Alice thought, "That's not going to work either."

Alice, who had been waiting for a while, pretended to spread her hand out of the window and hold it when she thought that the rabbit had come under the window.
There was nothing in Alice's hands, but outside I heard a scream, something falling, and a window breaking.
Alice thought maybe the rabbit fell on a cucumber support or something.

Then I heard the angry voice of the rabbit.

"Pat! Pat! Where are you?”

And then Alice said, "Here you are. I'm, of course, drilling a hole to plant an apple, sir," he replied.

"Blaming the apple plant!" said the rabbit angrily.

"Come here and help me with this!"
(Then I heard another crack in the glass.)

"Tell me, Pat, what's that window out there?"

"Yes, that's an arm, sir." (Pat pronounced it "Paul.")

"Eight, you idiot! How can you have such a big arm? You're filling up a window!”

"Yes, of course, sir. But that's an arm."

"Well, size doesn't matter. Go clean that up!"

Then for a while there was no sound.
Alice could sometimes hear something whispering, for example.

"Yes, that's not good, sir, indeed."

"Do as you are told, you coward!"

It was the same sound.

Alice eventually flicked her hand once more and pretended to grab something.
This time, it was the scream of the two and the sound of the glass breaking.

Alice said, "How many cucumber supports are there! What are they gonna do next? I wish you'd just drag me out of the window! I don't want to stay here any longer!" I thought.

Alice waited. There was no sound outside.
A little while later, I heard the sound of pulling a cart and the sound of a crowd gathering and humming.

"Where are the other ladders?"

"I only brought one. Bill has one.”

"Bill, get the ladder!"

"Here, stop over here. No, you have to connect the two first. One is not high enough."

"That's enough. Don't go out too much."

"Here you are, Bill. Tie this rope."

"Will the roof withstand it? Be careful with that side."

"Oh, it's falling. Watch your head."

(There was a thumping sound.)

"Who just dropped the roof tiles?" Maybe it's Bill.”

"Then who's going to go down the chimney?”

"I can't do it! Master, do it!"

"What can I do?"

"Bill's going down. Hey, Bill! Master says to go down the chimney!"

"So it's Bill coming down the chimney?" Alice said to herself.

"What a shame, to leave everything to the Bill alone! If I'm Bill, I never do it. The fireplace here is too small. But I think I can kick a little bit.”

Alice pulled her feet as close as she could toward her body.

Then, when I heard a small animal (whatever it might be) crawling up to Alice through this chimney, I said, "This is Bill," and kicked him away.
Then I waited for what would happen.

The first thing Alice heard was everyone outside shouting, "There goes Bill!"

Next was the rabbit shouting, "Get Bill, you by the fence there!"

And then it was quiet for a while,
"Hold your head there, now feed me some brandy. Don't press your neck."
"How are you? What happened?" Talk to me!" I heard a bustling sound.

Then the weakly split voice said.
(Alice thought, "Maybe it's Bill.)

"Well, I don't know.
I'm done with the brandy. Thank you. I think I'll buy some. It's chaotic.
All I remember is that he jumped at me like a clown doll sticking out of a surprise box and I soared like a rocket flying in the sky."

Everyone responded, "Oh, I see."

I heard a rabbit's voice saying, "I should burn the house down!"

When Alice heard the sound, she shouted in a loud voice, "If you do, I'll send Dina!"

For an instant, it was silent as if it were dead.
Alice said, "I don't know what I'm going to do next. I thought, "If I had some thoughts, I could rip off the roof."

Before long, the outside began to hum again.

"It's only a cart for now. The beginning was." I heard a rabbit say.

"What do you mean a cart?" thought Alice.

But when tiny pebbles poured through the window and hit Alice in the face, Alice quickly found out what it was.

Alice said to herself, "I've got to stop," and then shouted, "You'd better not do it again!"
Then it became quiet again outside.

To her surprise, Alice knew that all the pebbles on the floor here and there had turned into snacks.
A flash of thought crossed Alice's mind.

Alice said, "If I eat this snack, I'll definitely get bigger or smaller, right? I don't think it's going to get any bigger, so it must be getting smaller."

Then I ate a snack.
Then the body began to shrink immediately.
When she opened the door and became small enough to go outside, Alice ran straight out of the house.

Outside the house, there were many small animals and birds.
Poor little lizard Bill was drinking something with the help of two guinea pigs.

When Alice appeared, the animals swarmed in, and Alice quickly fled and hid in the deep forest.

"First of all, I have to get my body back to its original size. Then we'll find our way to the beautiful garden we saw earlier. That's for the best.”
Alice said to herself as she swam through the forest.

It was a perfectly good and neat plan, but the problem was that I didn't know where to start.
As I looked between the trees with worried eyes, I heard a sharp bark somewhere above my head. Alice looked up in a hurry and looked at the side of the noise.

A huge puppy was looking down at Alice with big eyes.
Then he gently put out one foot and tried to touch Alice.

Alice tried to whistle, saying in a soothing voice, "Something soft!"
However, Alice suddenly became so scared that the dog might be hungry and would eat her up.


Alice picked up a small branch and held it out to the puppy.
The puppy was excited and immediately jumped in to grab the branch, which further raised Alice's concern.

Alice hid behind a large thistle so that the puppy could not attack her.
Whenever Alice appeared, the puppy rushed back and made a fuss to bite the branch.

Alice repeated hiding behind thistle, thinking that what seemed to be stepped on was similar to a horse pulling a wagon and playing.
At some point, the frequency of dogs running to branches became shorter.
He kept barking, sitting down and looking for a chance to rest while moving a little bit forward.
The puppy was panting with its tongue sticking out and eyes half closed.

It was a golden opportunity for Alice to run away.
Alice ran as fast as she could.
Alice stopped running because she was exhausted and out of breath and could hear the dog barking faintly in the distance.

"However, it was a really cute puppy.”
Alice, leaning on the water parsley, said.

picking a leaf and fanning it, Alice said,
"I could teach you to hold the branches well, if I were your original size.
Oops! I almost forgot I needed to be big again.
What should I do? I think I need to eat or drink something. But what should I eat?" he continued.

The important thing was 'what' to eat.
Alice looked at the flowers and leaves around her, but nothing seemed to be edible or drinkable.

There was a big mushroom nearby.
The mushroom was as tall as Alice.
After scouring the bottom, right, left, and back of the mushroom, Alice felt that she should now look at the mushroom stomach.

Alice tiptoed up and peeped over the mushroom at the edge of the mushroom.
On top of the mushroom, a large caterpillar was smoking a long water cigarette with its arms crossed, and Alice seemed to be interested in nothing.