CHAPTER 5 Advice from a Caterpillar

The caterpillar and Alice looked at each other silently for a while.
Soon the caterpillar took the water cigarette out of its mouth and talked to it in a drowsy and sleepy voice.

"Who are you?" asked the caterpillar.

It certainly wasn't the beginning of a friendly conversation.
Alice replied shyly.
"I don't know right now. When I woke up this morning, I thought I knew at least who I was, but I think I've changed several times since then."

"What do you mean?" said Avalae, "Explain!"

"I'm sorry, but it's hard to explain. As you can see, I'm not who I am," Alice said Alice.

"I see something," replied the caterpillar.

ALICE, be polite.
"I don't know if it's a proper explanation, but I don't even understand it. In addition, I'm so confused because my body size changes several times a day."

"I don't understand," replied the caterpillar.

"Maybe it's because I haven't experienced it yet."
Alice replied.
"But if you become a pupa and turn into a butterfly someday, wouldn't you feel a little strange?"”

Then the caterpillar replied, "Not at all."

"Well, it could be different from me."
Alice said.
"I feel so strange about me changing."

Then the caterpillar scorned Alice and said, "You! Who are you?"

The conversation went back to the beginning at the caterpillar's words.

Alice was a little annoyed by the caterpillar's short-answer manner, so she straightened up and spoke in a serious voice.
"You should introduce yourself first," he said.

"Why?" the caterpillar asked back.

The difficult question is back again.
Alice turned around and started walking because she couldn't find a suitable answer and the caterpillar seemed to be in a very bad mood.

"Come back! I have something important to tell you," said the caterpillar.

Feeling sincere, Alice went back to the caterpillar.

"Kill your temper," said the caterpillar.

"Is that all?" asked Alice, pressing down her rising anger.

"No," replied the caterpillar.

Because there was nothing else to do, and thinking that the caterpillar might tell her something meaningful, Alice thought, let's wait.
A few minutes later, the caterpillar loosened its arms and took the water cigarette out of its mouth.

"So, you think you've changed, don't you? Right?" he asked.

"I think so. I don't even remember how I was. It's hard to keep my body size for ten minutes now," Alice replied.

asked the caterpillar.
"What do you mean you don't remember?”

"Well, it's completely different when I memorize 'How can a little honeybee so small?'”
Alice said in a very sad voice.

"Then recite 'Old Bride William,'" said the caterpillar.

Alice held hands and began to memorize the poem.

The young man said.
"Father William, you're old.
His hair is white, but he still has his hands on his hands.
Is that the right way to do it? You're old, though."

Father William answered.
"When I was only you, I was worried about hurting my head.
But I know it's never gonna happen, now.
Because I did this and that.”


The young man said.
"I told you. You're old.
Besides, he's unusually fat, but he's still coming through the door with his skills crossed.
God, what's the secret?"

Wise William waved the lock and said.
"Since I was young, I have been flexible in my limbs.
While applying this ointment.
It's a penny a box. Do you want some?"


The young man said.
"When you get old, your jaw gets weak,
I don't think you can chew except for the scaffold.
You eat a goose to the bone.
God, how can you do that?"

The bride said.
"I've been arguing with my wife since I was your size, citing the law.
That made my jaw muscles stronger.
It's something I've done all my whole life."


The young man said.
"It's hard to do that at that age, but you still have good eyesight.
You're still balancing the eel on your nose.
How can you be so intelligent?"

The bride said.
"I've already answered the question three times, so that's enough.
No more nonsense.
Do I have to listen to all this rubbish all day?
Stop or I'll kick you.”


"It doesn't fit at all," said the caterpillar.

"I don't think it's accurate," Alice said cautiously, "and a few words have changed."

The caterpillar said firmly, "I got it all wrong from start to finish."
There was silence again for a few minutes.

It was the caterpillar that brought it up first.

"How big do you want to be?”

"Oh, I don't want the exact size, but I don't want the size to change too often, you know.”

"I don't know," said the caterpillar.

Alice said nothing.
Alice met someone who said no for the first time and was discouraged.

The caterpillar asked, "Is it good enough now?"

"I hope it gets a little bigger than now. I think about three inches would be fine.”

"Of course that's the right height," said the caterpillar angrily.
Because the caterpillar was only three inches tall.

Alice said in a pathetic voice,
"But I've never done that. I hope it doesn't change too often."

"It will one day," the caterpillar said, sucking back at the water cigarette and exhaling smoke.

Alice waited patiently until the caterpillar spoke again this time.
About a minute or two later, Avalae hit a water cigarette from her mouth, coughed a few times, and shook her body to come down from the mushroom.
The caterpillar went into the grass and disappeared, saying, "If you eat one side, you get bigger and if you eat the other side, you get smaller."

"What do you mean one side and the other side? What do you mean one side of?" thought Alice.

As soon as Alice spoke out this question, she heard the caterpillar's voice saying, "Mushrooms."
But the caterpillar was no longer visible.

Alice looked carefully at the mushrooms for a while and looked at which side was one and which was the other.
However, the mushroom column was completely round, so it was not easy to tell which one.
However, Alice eventually grabbed the mushroom column in her arms and tore it apart.

"Then, which one is it now?" Alice took a bite of the mushroom in her right hand.
Then Alice's height suddenly decreased, and her chin seemed to touch her feet.
This time, when I ate the mushrooms on the other side, my jaw suddenly soared as I grew taller. Alice had a hard time closing her jaw, but she managed to swallow the right mushroom again.

Alice looked around, saying in a bright voice, "Now I can hold my head a little."
Alice could see the green leaves spread out like an ocean underneath.

"What are these green flying things?" And where did my shoulder go? Oh, my poor hand, I can't see where it went."
Alice tried to move her hand, but she could only hear the rustling sound among the leaves below.

Alice thought it would be hard to raise her hand, so she thought it would be better to lower her head.
Alice lowered her long neck and looked between the trees, rolling like a snake.
Alice found nothing, but she saw something strange on the top of the tree, so she turned to it.
At this time, a large pigeon rushed and hit Alice in the face with its wings.

"It's BamBam!"

Alice said angrily.
"I'm not a snake. Leave me alone."

The pigeon said, "It's a snake even if you look at it again!" but added this time in a rather soft voice.
"No matter how much I look at it, it's just a snake!"

"I don't know what you're talking about," said Alice.

The pigeon said, "There are only snakes everywhere, even at the root of the tree! Cruel things!" said Alice, and it became more cozy, but it seemed useless to talk more with the pigeon.

"I'll see if there's a snake during the day or night so that the eggs don't So even when I sleep all week, I sleep with only one eye closed."

"I'm sorry to bother you," Alice said when she found out why the pigeon did it.

But the dove kept saying in an angry.
"So I chose the highest tree, so I thought I was finally free from the worry of snakes, but I would have to climb up the sky to get here. By the way, a snake!"

"But I'm not a snake. I told you! I-- I--"

"Then what is it? You're trying to cover it up moderately.”

Alice replied, "I'm, I'm a little girl," but it changed so often throughout the day that I wasn't sure if this was right.

"That's ridiculous! I've seen so many young girls, but I've never seen a girl whose neck looks like you! No, no, no! You're a snake! It's no use saying no! Don't even dream of eating eggs!"

"I'm sure I've eaten eggs," said Alice, a very honest child.
"But as you know, young girls eat eggs as much as snakes.”

"I don't believe it. But, if that's the case, from my point of view, all the little girls are snakes."

This was something Alice didn't think of, so Alice thought about it for a moment.
In the meantime, the pigeon said, "If you're after the eggs, that's enough for me. What does it matter if you're a snake or a little girl?"

"It's a big deal to me," said Alice hastily.
"And I'm not aiming for an egg. Even if I eat eggs, it's not yours. I don't eat uncooked eggs."

The pigeon shouted, "Well, go away!" and sat back in the nest.

Alice bent her neck as far as she could and bowed her head through the trees.
Then I realized that I still had mushrooms in my hand.

Alice carefully tasted the mushrooms in her hands in order to be the right size and examined the extent to which her body became bigger and smaller.

It took a long time for Alice to become her original height.
Almost back to her original height, Alice began to talk to herself as she always did.

"Now we're halfway through what we planned. These changes are amazing! I can't even think about what I'll be like every moment!
But I'll be the right size and go to the beautiful garden. I wonder what's going to happen there?”

Alice said this and walked to an open place.
There was a house four feet high.
Alice said, "Who lives here? "If I go this size, I might be a laughing stock," he said, eating mushrooms in both hands little by little to make me 9 inches tall.