CHAPTER 6 Pig and Pepper

Alice was thinking about what to do next when a servant in uniform ran out of the forest,
(Alice thought she was a servant because she was in uniform, but she was a fish just by looking at her face.)
I knocked hard on the door with my fist.

Then a frog-faced servant with a round head and large eyes came out of the door.
Both servants wore curly-haired wigs made of wool.
Alice was so curious about what the hell was going on that she came out of the forest to hear the two of them.

The fish servant brought a letter as big as his body, handed it over with one hand, and said in a solemn voice.
"Dear Duchess, Her Majesty is a message to participate in the croquet."

The frog servant also took the words of the fish servant in a solemn voice and said.
"Your Majesty, the Duchess is a message to participate in the croquet."

And the two bowed deeply, and the curly wigs became entangled with each other.

Alice ran into the forest and laughed so that her voice could not be heard by both.
Then I went back and looked again, and the fish servant was already gone, and the frog servant was sitting outside the door staring at the sky.

Alice crept up and knocked on the door.

The servant said, "It's no use knocking on the door. There are two reasons. The first is because I'm with you, and the second is because it's so noisy inside that I can't hear the knock on the door," he said.
Certainly, it was very noisy inside, and amid the noise of crying and sneezing, I could hear the occasional dish and the kettle breaking.

"Then, how can I get in?”

"It's plausible to knock on the door," said Alice without even looking.

"If we keep the door between us, you know, on the contrary, if you knock on the door from the inside, I can open the door and let you out."
The servant only looked at the sky while he was talking like this.

Alice said to herself, thinking that the servant was very rude.
Alice said, "But I don't think the servant will do that. But anyway, he answers," he said, then repeated the same question loudly, "How do I get in?"

The frog servant said, "I have to sit here. Until tomorrow--" he said emphatically.

At this time, the door popped open, and a large plate flew in, brushed the frog servant's nose, and smashed into the tree behind him.

The frog servant said in the same tone, "Maybe until the day after tomorrow--" as if nothing had happened.

Alice asked again in a loud voice, "How do I get in?"

The frog servant said, "Going in? That's the first thing I asked," he said.

Alice didn't like what the frogman said.
Alice said, "Oh, it's unpleasant. What's up with the way you talk? It's crazy!" he said to himself.

The frogman thought it better change his words a little, and said, "I have to sit here every day."

"But what do I do?" asked Alice.

"Do whatever you want," said the frog servant, and began to whistle.

Alice said, "It's no use talking. He said, "It's a complete fool," and opened the door and went inside.

Across the door was a large kitchen.

The kitchen was full of smoke from end to end, with the Duchess sitting on a three-legged chair in the middle looking at the baby, and the chef boiling a cauldron that appeared to be full of soup.

Alice sneezed and said to herself, "You must have put too much pepper in your soup."

The air was also full of pepper.
The Duchess sneezed from time to time, too, and the baby was sneezing and crying from time to time.
The only thing that didn't sneeze was the chef and the big cat sitting by the brazier, smiling from ear to ear.

Alice asked with the utmost courtesy.
"Excuse me, why is that cat smiling like that?"”

The Duchess said, "It's because it's a Cheshire cat. "Pig!" he replied.

Alice was startled when she was cursed as a pig.
But when I saw it again, I didn't call Alice a pig, but a baby.
So Alice plucked up her courage and said again.

"I don't know a Cheshire cat that always smiles. Actually, I didn't even know the cat was smiling."

The Duchess said, "Cats can laugh. And I always laugh when I feel like it."

Alice tried to continue the conversation, saying politely, "I didn't know that."

The Duchess said, "You have a lot of things you don't know. That's true," he replied.

Alice didn't like the Duchess speaking so firmly that she tried to change the subject.
Alice was about to say something, but the chef took the pot out of the furnace and flung the pots and plates at the Duchess.
The Duchess didn't know anything until she was hit by the flying things, and the baby had been crying for a while, so she couldn't tell what was hit or not.

When a huge jar flew away, Alice was scared and said, "Oh, my God, what are you doing? I'll fit in the cute baby's nose!" he shouted.

Alice took the opportunity to show off her knowledge and continued, "It's a sound that doesn't have any good points."
"Think about how night and day come about. The Earth revolves around its axis every 24 hours--"

"Spin?" said the Duchess, and ordered, "Beat that boy's neck!"

Alice looked anxiously at the chef, but he seemed to hear nothing, stirring only the pot of soup.
So Alice spoke out again.
"I think it's 24 hours. Was it 20 hours? Or -- "

The Duchess said, "Oh, I'm sick of it. I can't stand that kind of talk." Then I started to raise the baby again.
The Duchess sang a funny lullaby and waved the baby roughly at the end of each kite.

Shout out to the cute baby.
If you sneeze, hit me.
The baby is just lazy.
I know it's a joke.

Chorus (with chef and baby):
"Wow, wow, wow!"

The Duchess sang the second verse and began to throw the baby up violently, and Alice could hardly hear the lyrics because the baby cried so loudly.

I've said this many times.
If a baby sneezes, I'll hit him.
I'm telling you to enjoy it.
Do you want some pepper, baby?

Chorus:
"Wow, wow, wow!"

The Duchess said, "If you like to see the baby! Now you take care of it," he said, throwing the baby at Alice.
Then, he said, "I'm going to the Queen's Croquet."
The chef threw a frying pan at the Duchess, but failed to get it right.

Alice managed to pick up the baby and examined her arms and legs.
The baby looked really strange, and Alice thought, "It looks like a starfish."
Alice held the baby for some time, for the baby was pitifully inhaling and exhaling like a steam engine.


After a while Alice tried to freeze the baby properly.
(The knot was wrapped around the baby's right ear to her left foot, so Alice untied it.)

Alice took the baby outside and said, "I won't be able to take it around. I thought, "If I leave it, I'll die in less than a day or two?"
Alice said the end of her thought out of her mouth, and the baby replied, "Giggles."

"Groaning is not a good way to introduce you," Alice said.

The baby wheezed again.
Alice looked at the baby's face, worried about what had happened.
His nose was completely laid back and his eyes were too small for a baby.

Alice thought, "But it must have been just a crying sound," and examined the baby for tears around his eyes.

However, there was not a drop of tears.
Alice said, "Have you become a pig? God! There's no reason for me to have you said.
The pig calmed down while making an indistinguishable sound, whether it was crying or wheezing.

Alice thought, "What am I going to do with the pig home?" and the pig gulped furiously again.
Alice looked at her face once more, and now she was a pig, and Alice decided not to take care of the pig anymore.

So, Alice put the pig down on the ground and sent it into the forest.
"When that pig grows up, he will have really scary and ugly children. But there must be a handsome pig among them," Alice recalls, thinking of the children she knew who looked like pigs.
He looked around, saying, "If you know how to change only one of them--"

A Cheshire cat sat on a tree a little away.
The cat only smiled at Alice.
Alice wanted to treat the cat well because it had sharp claws and many teeth, but it looked nice for some reason.

Alice didn't know the cat's name, so she called it carefully, "Cheshire Meow."
The cat only laughed a little louder.

Alice approached the cat, thinking, "Oh, no, it's a little far," and asked.
"Will you show me the way out of here?"

"It depends where you want to go."

"Anywhere --" said Alice,

"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," replied the cat.

"--I wish I could go somewhere far away," Alice added.

The cat replied, "That's all I have to do is walk far enough to go."

Alice couldn't deny it, so she asked another question.
"What kind of people live here?”

The cat said, scratching its right foot.
"There lives a hat seller over there. The March Rabbit lives over there. It's good to go anywhere. Because they're all crazy."

"But I don't want to go where there are crazy people."

"It's no use. We're all crazy here. You're crazy and I'm crazy."

"How do you know I'm crazy?"

"I'm sure. I wouldn't be here if I wasn't crazy."

Alice thought the cat horse was not the right proof, but asked another question.
"How do you know you're crazy?"

"From the beginning. Dogs aren't crazy. You admit it, right?"

"That could be the case.”

"Yes, you're angry when dogs growl, and you're happy when you wag your tail. However, I growl when I'm happy and wag my tail when I'm angry. I mean, I'm crazy."

"I call it tumbling. It's not growl."

"Whatever you call it. By the way, are you playing croquet with the queen today?"

"I hope so, but I'm not invited.”

The Cheshire Cat disappeared, saying, "You'll see me there."

Alice was not surprised to see the cat disappear because she was no longer surprised by anything strange. Alice was looking at the place where she disappeared, and the cat suddenly reappeared.

"By the way, what happened to the baby? I forgot to ask."

Alice said, "I became a pig," as quickly as the cat came back suddenly.

The cat said, "I thought so," and then disappeared again.
Alice waited for a while, thinking that the cat might come back, and then decided to go to the direction where the March rabbit lived.

"I've seen a hat seller, so the March rabbit will be more fun. And now it's May, so at least it's less crazy than March."

Then, the cat reappeared and asked.
"Did you say pig earlier or can you do it?"”

"I said pig. And I hope it doesn't pop up and disappear like that. You're making me dizzy.”

The cat said, "Okay," and then disappeared very slowly this time.
The cat gradually disappeared from the tail, and finally only its mouth was visible, but then it disappeared.

Alice said, "Oh no! I've seen a lot of cats that don't smile, but they're smiling! I've never seen anything so strange!" I thought.

Alice soon arrived at the rabbit's house in March.
Alice thought it must be the house, because the chimney was shaped like an ear and the roof was made of fur.
The house looked so big that Alice ate some mushrooms in her left hand and grew to two feet tall. Alice approached herself carefully and said to herself.

"Isn't he crazy enough to go crazy?" Maybe we should just go to the Hatter's house...”
The Duchess rested and said in an angry voice, "Everyone is just doing their job.
The world is bound to go faster."