CHAPTER 7 A Mad Tea-Party

A refreshment table was set up under the tree in front of the house, and the March rabbit and the hat seller were drinking tea.
A hibernation mouse was sitting dozing between the two, and the two were talking face-to-face over their heads with their elbows on top of them using the hibernation mouse as a cushion.
Alice said, "The hibernating mouse must be very uncomfortable. But you're sleeping, right? I don't think it really matters."

The table was so big that the tree could only cover one end.
The March Hare and the Hatter saw Alice approaching and said, "No seat! There's no space!" he cried.
Alice angrily said, "A lot of seats!" and sat down on a large armchair on the side of the table.

"Drink wine," said the March Rabbit in an encouraging tone.

Alice looked around, but there was only a car on the table.
"I don't see any wine?" said Alice.

"There isn't."

"Then it's rude to say that.”

"It's more rude to sit down even though I didn't invite you.”

"I didn't know this table was yours. It's much bigger than a tree.”

The hat seller, who had been looking at Alice with curious eyes for a while, opened his mouth for the first time.
"I need a haircut."

Alice said, "I have to learn not to point out personal things. It's really rude," he said.

The hat seller's eyes became round when he heard this, but what he actually said was, "Do you know why a crow is like a desk?"

Alice said, "Okay, I'm going to have fun. "I guess you're playing sorghum-kkaegi," he said aloud, "I think I know."

March Rabbit asked again, "So you think you've got the answer now?"

"Of course."

"Then tell me what you're trying to say.”

"What I'm going to say is, I mean, I mean, at least say what I think. You know, it's the same thing.”

"It's not the same at all! In the way you say it, 'I'm watching what I'm eating' and 'I'm eating what I'm watching' mean the same thing!"

The March Hare continued.
"If you do what you say, 'I like what I have' and 'I have what I like' have the same meaning!"

Then he continued as if a hibernating mouse was talking in his sleep.
"If you do what you say, 'I breathe when I sleep' and 'I sleep when I breathe' have the same meaning!"

The Hatter interrupted, "That's what you are," and the conversation was interrupted.
All said nothing for some time.
In the meantime, Alice thought about the crow and the desk, but she didn't remember much.

The Hatter opened his mouth again and asked Alice, "What's the date today?"
At the same time, the hat seller took the watch out of his pocket, looked anxiously, shook it here and there, and even listened to the sound in his ear.

Alice thought for a moment. "Four days," he replied.

The Hatter sighed, "Two days wrong!" and looked angrily at the March Hare and said, "I told you not to use butter!"

The March Hare replied, "But that was the best butter."

The hat seller said, "Maybe there was bread crumbs mixed in. I shouldn't have used a bread knife to put it in," he grumbled.

The March Rabbit picked up the congregation's watch and looked glumly, put it in a teacup, and looked again.
However, when there was no other choice, the March Rabbit repeated his first words. "It was the best butter. You know."

Alice looked over the March rabbit's shoulder at the clock curiously.
"What an interesting watch! You just told me the date and the time doesn't come out!”

The Hatter said, "What's wrong with that? Doesn't your watch tell you how old it is?" he said.

"Of course not," Alice replied, and then quickly went on.
"A year is very long, so there is no need to mark it on the clock.”

"That's the same for me," replied the Hatter.

Alice thought it was a really complicated riddle.
What the Hatter said was not at all in line with what Alice was trying to say, but it was certainly not wrong.
"I don't quite understand what you mean," said Alice, as politely as possible.

The hat seller said, "The hibernation mouse is still sleeping," and sprayed some hot tea on the nose of the hibernation mouse.

The hibernating mouse shook his head and opened his eyes, and said, "Of course, of course. I was just saying it on my own."

The Hatter looked at Alice and asked, "Have you thought about the answer to the quirk?"

Alice said, "No, I'm giving up. What's the answer?" he asked again.

The Hatter replied, "I don't know the right answer either," and the March rabbit responded, "Me neither."

Alice sighed softly and said, "I think I should do something better than throw away my time by making an answerless trick."

"No way," said the Hatter, raising his head derisively, "you've never even talked to time!"

Alice answered cautiously. "Perhaps not. But I learn how to beat time in music class."

The Hatter said, "Oh, I'll play that for you."
"He doesn't hit or anything. Now, if you can match the terms with him, he can do almost everything you like with a watch.
For example, class starts at nine in the morning. I twinkle around the clock to tell you the time. Then it's dinner time when you're halfway there!"

("I hope so," whispered the March rabbit.)

Alice said, "I'm sure it' But, you know, I don't think I should be hungry then."

"Maybe not from the beginning, but you can increase the number of half-circles as much as you like.”

"You can control it?"

The Hatter shook his head sadly and answered, "No!" and continued.
"We had a big fight last March. You know, so he got angry at the top of his head - "
(While doing so, the hat seller pointed to the March rabbit with a tea spoon.)
"I sang at a big performance by Queen Heart."

Twinkle, twinkle, little bat
I don't know where it is!

"You know this song, right?"

"I think I heard something similar."

"And then this is what I called it."

Flying to the top of the world.
It's like a tray in the sky.
Twinkle, twinkle --

The hibernating mouse listened and dozed off and sang along.
"Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle --"
The hibernating mouse stopped after being pinched.

The Hatter continued.
"I managed to sing the first verse, and the queen shouted."
'He missed the time. Slap the neck!'

Alice exclaimed, "It's terrible!" in a horrified voice.

The Hatter was discouraged and said, "After that, no matter how much time I try, he doesn't listen to me. It's always six o'clock now."

Alice finally understood and asked, "Is that why there are so many refreshments here?"

"Yes, that's right. It's always tea time now. And we don't have time to waste on anything else."

"Then we'll just keep moving to the next seat?”

"Exactly so. Nothing's gonna work.”

Alice asked boldly, "But, when you first came back to your seat?"

"Let's change the subject," interrupted the March rabbit, yawning.
"I'm tired of the story. I vote for the little girl telling us a story."

Alice heard it and said, "I'm sorry, but I don't know anything."

Then the two said, "Then the hibernating mouse should do it! Wake up, hibernator!" he shouted and pinched the hibernator on both sides.

The hibernating mouse slowly opened his eyes and said in a husky voice, "I didn't sleep. I heard everything you guys said."

"Tell us a story!" said the March Hare.

"Yes! Please do it!" Alice responded.

The Hatter also said, "Hurry up. If you don't, I'll sleep again," he helped.

The hibernating mouse hastened to talk.
"Once upon a time, there were three sisters. The children lived under the well. --”

Alice was always very interested in eating and drinking, so she asked, "What did you live on?"

The hibernating mouse thought for a moment and replied, "I lived on molasses."

Alice said, "You shouldn't eat that. You're going to get sick."

"I did. I was very sick," said the hibernating mouse.

Alice wondered if she could live so strangely, but she couldn't even imagine it.
So, "But, why did you live under the well?"

The March Hare very politely urged Ellis to "add another cup of tea."

Alice said, "I haven't had a drink yet. But drink more?”

The Hatter said, "You can't drink less. So I have no choice but to drink more."

"No one asked what you thought," said Alice.

Upon hearing this, the hat seller proudly said, "Who is pointing out something private now?"

Alice didn't realize what the Hatter was talking about.
Alice ate tea and butter bread and asked the hibernating mouse again.
"But why did you live under the well?"

The hibernating mouse thought for a moment again and replied, "It was a molasses well."

Alice shouted angrily, "What the heck!" and the Hatter and the March Rabbit said, "Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Then the hibernating mouse said bluntly, "If you're not going to listen politely, you should finish the story yourself."

"No, go on. I won't let you in again. "I'm not going to say a word," Alice said.

The hibernating mouse angrily said, "Not a word! Okay!" and continued the conversation. "The three sisters were learning to draw. You know --"

"What were you drawing?”
Alice completely forgot her appointment and opened her mouth.

"Rice flour."
The hibernating mouse answered this time without thinking for a moment.

"I need a clean glass.”
This time, the hat seller stepped in and said, "Let's move one space at a time."

As soon as the hat seller spoke, as soon as he got up and moved, the hibernating mouse followed the hat seller to the side of a compartment, and in March, the rabbit moved to the hibernating mouse position.
Alice was forced to go to the rabbit's seat in March.
The only advantage of changing seats was the hat seller, and in March, the rabbit moved and took the milk bottle, making Alice the worst.

"But I don't understand," Alice said cautiously, not wanting to upset the hibernating mouse again. What should I draw molasses with?"

The hat seller said, "You can draw with water from the well. So you can draw it with molasses from the molasses well. Stupid," he said.

Alice forgot the warning she had heard earlier and asked the hibernating mouse, "But, the children are in the well?"

"Of course the children are in the well," replied the hibernating mouse.

When Alice heard this, she became very confused, but let the hibernation mouse continue the story.

The hibernating mouse continued to talk, blinking and rubbing its eyes as if it were very sleepy.
"They were learning to draw, and they ended up drawing everything that started with a dig. --”

"What's the reason?" asked Alice.

"Why not?" said the March Hare.

Alice did not ask more.

At this time, the hibernating mouse closed its eyes again and began to doze off. The Hatter quickly pinched it, and the hibernating mouse woke up and talked again.
"So I started to draw things that started with a dig, and I drew things like traps, moons, podiums, and large quantities. You know what a lot is, don't you? It means a lot. Have you ever seen a large amount of paint?”

Alice, who had been confused for a long time, said, "Now you see it even if you ask me. I don't think so --" he began.

"Well, don't tell me," said the Hatter.

When the hat seller was rude, Alice couldn't take it anymore and woke up, and in the meantime, the hibernating mouse fell asleep without anyone noticing.

Alice walked a couple of steps and turned around hoping they would call her back, and the March Hare and the Hatter were putting the hibernation mouse in the teapot.

Alice went into the forest, saying, "No matter what happens, I won't go there again!" "Isn't it the stupidest tea party I've ever had?"”

Alice saw a door attached to a tree as she said this. Alice said, "It's so strange! Indeed, everything is strange today," I thought and went into the door.

When I entered the door, I found a large room with a small glass table again.
"I'll do well this time," Alice said, picking up a little gold key and opening the door to the garden.
Alice tore the mushrooms from both pockets and mixed them and ate them until they were a foot tall.
Then Alice could pass through a small hallway and finally enter a beautiful garden with colorful flowers and cool fountains.
The hat seller said, "If you know time as well as I do, you shouldn't say you're throwing it away. Time is not an object, it's a person," he said.

"I don't know what you're talking about," Alice said.