CHAPTER 8 The Queen's Croquet-Ground

A large rose tree stood at the entrance of the garden.
White roses bloomed in the tree, and three gardeners were busy painting red.

Alice thought it was really strange, so she came closer to examine it a little more.
When I approached him, one of the gardener said, "Five! Don't spill paint on me!" I could hear him say.

Five said in a depressed voice, "I couldn't help it. Seven keep hitting my elbow," he replied.

Seven looked at five and said, "Do it properly, five! He said, "You always make excuses for others."

The five of them responded, "Don't say that!"
"I heard the Queen say you'd better hit your neck yesterday," she said.

"Why on earth?" asked the gardener, who first began.

"It's none of your business, two!" replied Seven.

Then the five said, "Well, it's none of your business," but said, "If I say it for you, I cooked tulip roots instead of onions."

Seven dropped his brush and began to say, "That's so unfair --" and picked it up, and when he saw Alice, he was surprised, and the rest looked around her and bent over her.

Alice asked in a careful voice, "Well, can you tell me why you're coloring roses?"

Five and seven looked at the two without a word, and the two began to talk in a small voice.

"Because, as a matter of fact, you see, miss. Originally, this is a red rose garden, but we accidentally planted a white rose.
If the Queen finds out about this, you know, we all lose our heads.
So as you can see, miss. We are doing our best before His Majesty comes. --”

At this time, the five people who had been looking anxiously across the garden said.
"It's the Queen! The Queen!" Then the three gardeners fell down and stuck it on the ground to the point where their faces were as flat as their bodies.
When many footsteps were heard, Alice looked from side to side to see the queen.

The first to appear were ten soldiers carrying bats.
These soldiers also had square and flat bodies like gardeners, and had limbs at the corners of their square bodies.
Next, ten subjects were seen. They wore diamond patterns and appeared in pairs like soldiers.
Next came the guests, mostly kings or queens.

Alice recognized that there was a white rabbit in it.
The white rabbit was busy moving in nervousness, and his face was full of laughter.
The white rabbit passed by without even looking at Alice.

After that, Jack of Hearts entered with a crown placed on a red velvet cushion.
As everyone entered the garden, the King and Queen of Hearts finally entered.

Alice wondered if she should lie down like the gardeners.
However, I did not hear that there was such a rule in the procession.
"And what's the point of a procession if everyone puts their faces on the ground and lies down?" No one will see it." I stood there waiting for the procession to come.

When the procession reached Alice's place, everyone stopped and looked at Alice.
The Queen looked at Alice sternly and asked Jack of Hearts, "Who is this?"

When Jack of Hearts bowed and smiled, the Queen said, "TWIT!"
After shaking her head in a hurry, she approached Alice and asked, "What's your name, child?"

"It's Alice, Your Majesty," Alice replied politely.
However, Alice said to herself, "Why is there only one card anyway? There's nothing to be afraid of," he said to himself.

"Who are these?" asked the Queen, pointing to the gardeners lying on their stomachs around the rose tree.
Of course, the gardeners were lying close to the ground, showing only their backs, and the patterns on their backs were all the same, so Alice had no idea whether they were gardeners or soldiers who came later, or whether they were servants or children of the queen.

Alice replied, "How can I know?" and suddenly, with courage, added, "It's none of my business."

The Queen turned red with rage and the Beast roared.
"Hit that child's neck! The neck --"

"No way!" exclaimed Alice, and the Queen could nothin'.

The king seized the queen by the arm and said cautiously, "Think about it, dear. It's just a child."

The queen angrily shook off and ordered Jack. "Turn them upside down.”

Jack was ordered to turn them over one by one.

Then, in a loud, shrill voice, the Queen said, "Get up!"
The three gardeners jumped to their feet and bowed to the king, the queen, the children of the royal family, and all their servants.

The Queen shouted, "Get away from there!" and went up to the tree and said, "You're making me dizzy! What have you been doing here?"

"Yes, Your Majesty, we --" they began to reply in a knee-deep voice.

But the queen looked at the tree and said, "Okay!" and ordered, "Hit them by the neck!" and left with the procession.
Three soldiers were left to execute the three unhappy gardeners.
The gardeners hid behind Alice and asked for help.

Alice said, "No haircut!" and hid the three gardeners in a large pot nearby.
The three soldiers wandered around for a while and left along the procession.

"Did you cut your hair?" asked the Queen.

The soldiers said, "I cut it! Your Majesty!" he replied.

The Queen shouted, "Okay!" and asked, "Do you know how to croquet?" and the soldiers said nothing.
Because it was a question to Alice.

"Yes!" cried Alice.

"Come here, then," said the Queen.
Alice joined the procession and wondered what would happen next.

"Jung -- it's a great day.
The white rabbit, who was looking anxiously at Alice's face, approached Alice and greeted her.

"Really," Alice said, and asked, "where is the Duchess?"

The White Rabbit said quickly in a small voice, "Shh, shh!" and looked around, tiptoed and whispered in Alice's ear.
"I was sentenced to death."

"For what?”

"Did you just say 'pity'?"

"No, I didn't say that. I don't feel sorry for you at all right? I said, 'For what?'”

"Because the Duchess struck the Queen on the ear --" replied the White Rabbit.
Alice made a little loud "Hugh!" and the White Rabbit whispered, "Ah, shh!" and said, "The Queen hears you, as she whispered fearfully to be quiet. When the Queen hears this--"

At this time, the Queen said, "Go to your position!" in a thunderous voice.
People clashed with each other and moved in search of their seats.
After a while, the seats were arranged and the game began.

Alice thought she had never seen such a strange-looking croquet stadium.
The stadium was bumpy with alternating furrows and furrows, the ball was a live hedgehog and the bat hitting the ball was a live flamingo.
The soldiers built their bodies and woven them into arches.

The most difficult task was dealing with flamingos.
Alice succeeded in holding Flamingo's body between her arms and her legs falling down, but she had to hit the hedgehog with the flamingo's well-stretched head.
But when Flamingo turned her head and looked at Alice, Alice couldn't hold back her laughter.

For this reason, Alice had to do it again from the beginning, and in the meantime, the hedgehog stretched its round body and ran away, rolling over the uneven stadium with furrows and furrows.
Moreover, soldiers who built their bodies and built arches continued to move from place to place.
It wasn't long before Alice thought she couldn't play such a difficult game.

In the meantime, people entered the stadium without waiting for their turn, and fought each other for the hedgehog.
The Queen was furious, shouting, "Hit him by the neck!" and "Hit him by the neck!"

Alice became very uncomfortable.
Alice wanted to tell the Queen not to, but she knew what would happen.

"Then what will happen to me? But at this rate, everyone here is going to be decapitated. No one can survive.”

Alice looked for a way out of here, but she was nowhere to be seen.
Then something strange appeared in the sky.
Alice didn't know what it was at first, but soon she found out.

"It's a Cheshire cat! Now I see that we're on the same wavelength."

The Chasher cat only appeared and asked, "How did you get here?"

Alice thought that if she could see the cat's eyes, she should tell a story, but she thought that she could listen to the story only when her ears appeared.
Alice decided to quit the game and put the flamingo on the ground and waited for the Cheshire cat to appear, thinking, "Don't you think you can hear it only if one ear comes out?"
The cat gradually appeared, and it was thought that it had appeared enough now.

"Not all of these people play fair," Alice began.
And, "These people don't listen to anyone else at all. And the rules, if there's such a thing, I don't intend to abide by it at all. It's all a mess.
Do you know how hard it is to play with something alive? That's the arch that went to the other side of the stadium where I have to put the ball.
Now I'm supposed to croquet with the queen's hedgehog, but it ran away while I was staring at it.”
he raised his voice and complained.

"Do you like the Queen?" asked the Cheshire Cat.

Alice replied, "Not at all! The Queen is indeed--" and saw the Queen approaching. The Queen said, "I think -- it's going to win, but it's hard to finish the game."

The queen passed with a smile

The king approached and asked, "Who are you talking to?" and was surprised to see the cat's head.

"He's my friend. It's a Cheshire cat. It allowed me to come here," Alice replied.

"I can't see the whole thing," the king said, "but, if you like, allow me to kiss my hand."

"I don't want to," replied the Cheshire Cat.

The king stood behind Alice and said, "Don't be rude. And don't look at me like that!"

Alice said, "Cats can look at the king. I read it in a book, but I don't remember what it was."

The king said firmly, "Anyway, the cat must be removed!" and shouted at the queen, who was approaching this way.
"Honey! Please get rid of this cat!"

The Queen said without looking, because she always ordered consistently, whether it was big or small.
"Hit that thing in the throat!"

The king said, "I should bring my own executioner," and hurriedly left.

Alice thought she should go back and see how the game was going.
In the meantime, I could hear the Queen shouting in the distance.
The Queen had already sentenced three people to be executed for not keeping her own rules, but she seemed to do so without seeing it properly.
Alice couldn't tell when it was her turn because the game was a mess.
So I stopped looking for hedgehogs.

Alice's hedgehog was fighting another hedgehog.
Alice thought that the opportunity to play croquet had finally come, but this time, Flamingo was on the other side of the garden, and Alice couldn't help but fly up the tree.

Alice went to the tree and brought Flamingo.
However, this time the hedgehogs stopped fighting and neither was seen.

Alice said, "It doesn't matter anyway. I thought that Archie had already been moved to the other side, so I went back to talk to my friend more.
This time, Flamingo held firmly so that he could not run away again.

When Alice went back to the Cheshire Cat, there were many people gathered.
The king and queen were arguing over the executioner at the same time, and the rest of the people stood with uncomfortable expressions without saying anything.

As Alice approached them, the three poured questions at Alice at once.
It was hard for Alice to understand what she was saying because the three spoke loudly at the same time.

The executioner was already arguing, "How can I cut my hair when I only have a head without a body?" and that I had never heard such a thing in my life, and in order to do so, I would rather live my life from the beginning.

The king was arguing that everything with a head could be cut off, but don't say nonsense.

The Queen was arguing that if she didn't have time and couldn't do anything, she would rather execute everyone here.
(People changed their faces and became anxious when they heard this.)

Alice tried not to say anything, but eventually said, "The cat belongs to the Duchess. Ask the Duchess."

The queen said, "I'm in prison. Bring him back," he said, and the executioner ran out like a shot.

In the meantime, the cat began to disappear again, and by the time the executioner brought the Duchess, it had already disappeared completely.
So, the king and the executioner started searching for the cat, and the people who gathered started the game again.