CHAPTER 9 The Mock Turtle's Story

It's really nice to see you again, old friend," said the Duchess, affectionately folding Alice's arms and walking together.

Alice was very happy to see the Duchess become sweet, and thought it was because of pepper that she had been ferocious the last time we met in the kitchen.

The Duchess began to talk.
(Alice thought it was a poor voice.)

"As a duchess, I pepper everything in the kitchen. There was no soup without pepper -- maybe eating pepper makes people feel that way all the time.”

The Duchess walked very politely, as if she had learned new manners.

"And if you eat beanies, people become sour and grumble about everything, and if you eat chamomile, people also say bitter things."
And -- and, when they eat malt sugar, they become sweet and do only pretty things. Everyone should know this, you shouldn't be so stingy. You know --"

Alice was deaf to what the Duchess had to say.
The Duchess said in Alice's ear.
"You're thinking about something else, kid. Seeing that you don't saying anything. I don't say the adage of what to do in times like this now, but I have to remember this one thing.”

"I don't think it's one," Alice pointed out.

"Tut, tut, children are!" said the Duchess, "There is a saying that fits everything. Even if you don't know."
As she said this, the Duchess came closer to Alice.

Alice didn't like the Duchess sticking so tightly, first of all because she was so ugly, and because she was so close that her cheek touched Alice's shoulder that it was uncomfortable.
However, Alice didn't want to be rude, so she only looked very bored.

"The game is going to be better than it is now," Alice said to continue the conversation.

"Of course," said the Duchess. The adage in this case is, "Oh, dear child. That's how the world works!"

He replied, "Someone said that they just need to do their job well."

"Of course! It's the same horse," the Duchess continued, burying her cheek on Alice's shoulder.
"And the maxim in this case -- take good care of the senses, and the sounds take care of themselves."

Alice thought, "Maybe I can put a maxim on every occasion!"

The Duchess said, "I don't cover your waist because I think Flamingo will get angry if I do. Shall we give it a try?"

Alice replied cautiously, "I'm afraid the Duchess will really try."

The Duchess said, "I'm sure it is. Flamingos and mustard are both always biting." And he said, "The saying in this case is -- birds gather among things with the same feathers."

Alice replied, "Except that the mustard is not a bird."

"Yes, most of the time," said the Duchess, again.
"There's a proper way to put anything in!"

Alice said, "I think it's a mineral," and the Duchess went on, as if she were determined to respond to whatever Alice said.

"Of course. There's a mustard mine around here. In this case the maxim -- the more in the mine, the less to you!"

As soon as Alice heard this, she immediately shouted, "I know what!" and said, "It's a vegetable. It doesn't look alike, but it is."

"You're right," replied the Duchess.
"The adage in this case is -- 'Be who you want to be seen,'
So, if you like something simpler,
"Don't show yourself as others see you, or as others see you, even if you were or weren't you said.

Alice politely said, "I think it's more understandable to you," and said, "but it's hard to keep up with what you say without taking notes."

The Duchess said, "It's nothing to say what I'm going to say if I decide."

"I pray you won't get into trouble by speaking longer than that," Alice said.

"Oh, don't tell me what's wrong," said the Duchess, "and everything I say is a gift to you."

Alice said, "What a cheap gift! I thought, "I'm so glad I don't get a birthday present like that!" but I didn't say it out of my mouth.

"What else are you thinking?" said the Duchess, putting her cheek closer.

Alice answered quickly, increasingly worried.
"I had the right idea.”

"You mean it's just the right idea, right? As much as a pig flying in the sky? In this case--"

The Duchess stopped talking and killed her voice, and Alice was surprised to see her shaking, hugging Alice's arm harder, unable to even say the "adage" that the Duchess liked so much.
Alice looked ahead, and there stood the Queen, arm in arm, looking as if a storm was about to strike.

"Good day," said the Duchess, in a low, low voice. His Majesty."

The queen stomped and shouted.
"I've warned you enough! Whether you're cut or your head is cut off, there's no time to wait, so choose between the two! ”

The Duchess chose one in a moment.

The Queen looked at Alice and said, "Now let's go to the game!" and Ally walked slowly to the Crockett Stadium, unable to say a word for fear.

Other guests were resting in the shade while the queen was away.
However, seeing the queen approaching, she quickly resumed the game.
The Queen thought it was only for a short time that she could increase her life.

The Queen did not leave the players for a moment, and ordered those who were not by Archie, "Hit him by the neck!" and "Hit him by the neck!"
Then, the arched soldier loosened the arches to take orders and went around to catch the people, and in less than half an hour, none of the arches remained.
Eventually, not everyone was beside Archie, and orders were given to execute all but the king, queen, and Alice.

The Queen sighed and left the stadium, asking Alice, "Have you ever seen a mock turtle?"

"No, I don't even know what a fake turtle is," Alice replied.

The Queen said, "It's just for making imitation turtle soup."

Alice replied, "I've never seen or heard anything like that."

The Queen said, "Well, come with me. He'll tell you his story."

Alice walked out with the queen and heard the king speak in a low voice to others.
'Everyone's sorry.' Alice said, 'Follow me? It's a good thing," he said to himself.
Alice became very sad to try to figure out the number of people to be executed because of the Queen's orders.

The Queen and Alice went to Gryphon, who was sleeping in the sun.

"Wake up, lazy!" the Queen commanded, "Wake up, show this little lady what a mock turtle is, and hear its story.
I must go and see the execution I commanded!" he said, leaving Alice to Gryphon.

Alice had never seen an animal like this before, but she waited, thinking that it would be safer to be here than to be with the fierce queen.

Gryphon stood up and gazed at the distant queen, and, "Funny!" half said to Alice, half to himself.

"What's interesting?" asked Alice.

Gryphon said, "You know, the Queen has never made an exception to anyone. Come here!" he replied.

Alice said, "Anyone here looks at me and says, 'Come here.' I've never been called around like this in my life. "Not at all!" I approached slowly.

I followed the Gryphon and found a mock turtle sitting alone lonely not far away.
When I got closer, the imitation turtle was crying as if his heart was pounding.
Alice thought it was really thin.

"Why are you so sad?" Alice asked the Gryphon.

Then Gryphon gave the same answer as before.
"It's just an imagination. You know, there's never been a time when a fake turtle wasn't sad. Come here!"

So the two approached the imitation turtle, who did not say anything with big eyes full of tears.

Gryphon said, "Here's a little lady who wants to hear your story. Tell me."

The imitation turtle said in a low, husky voice, "I'll do it for you. Then, both of you sit down and listen without saying a word until I finish talking."

So, Gryphon and Alice sat and waited for a long time. Alice said, "I don't know if I can finish the story. I thought, "It doesn't even start," but I waited patiently.

"Once," said the imitation turtle at last.
"I was a real turtle, too.”

After saying this, the imitation turtle remained silent for a long time, and eventually the Gryphon coughed in vain, "Hmm." But the imitation turtle only shed tears.
Alice said, "Thank you, sir. It was an interesting story." I was about to get up, but I sat down again thinking that there would still be a story, so I waited without saying anything.


Finally, the imitation turtle opened its mouth again.
The imitation turtle still cried, "When we were young, we went to school under the sea. The teacher was a very old turtle, and we all called them 'turtles.'

Alice said, "Why did you call them turtles? Wasn't it just one?"

The imitation turtle said in an angry voice, "We called the teacher turtles. Because, my teacher always thought of us as "Oh, my, really dull things."

Gryphon said to Alice, "You should be ashamed to ask such a simple question," and the imitation turtle and Gryphon stared at Alice without saying a word.
Poor Alice felt like hiding in a hole somewhere.
Gryphon said, "Hurry up, old friend. Let's not take all day," he said to the imitation turtle.

The imitation turtle continued.
"We went to school under the sea. You'd say you can't believe it --"

"I didn't say anything," Alice interrupted.

"Yes, I did," replied the Mock Turtle.

Seeing Alice try to say more, Gryphon said, "Shut up," and the imitation turtle continued.

"We have the best education. Actually, I went to school every day. --”

Alice interrupted again.
"I also went to school every day. I'm not proud of that.”

asked the imitation turtle suspiciously.
"Do you do after-school activities?"

"Yes, we learn French and music," Alice replied.

"Do you do laundry?" asked the imitation turtle again.

"There's no such thing," Alice said.

Then, Mojo Turtle said, "Well, it's not a really good school," and responded, "Our school's tuition bill clearly states French, music, and laundry-after-school activities."

"You don't need that to live in the sea," Alice said.

"I couldn't afford it, so I just learned a regular course," said Mojo Turtle.

"What is it?" asked Alice.

"It's a cold and a twist. And I learned a lot of arithmetic. Things like greed, messing up, making a recommendation, and laughing."

"Recommendation? I've never heard of that before. What is it?" asked Alice.

exclaimed the Gryphon, raising his feet suddenly.
"You've never been told to recommend? You've heard of dressing up, haven't you?"

Alice replied in an insecure voice, "That's what makes something pretty."

"By the way, if you don't know the chief, you're a fool," Gryphon said.

Alice could not dare to ask any more questions about him, and looked at the imitation turtle and asked, "What else have you learned?"

The imitation turtle replied, "Well, I learned sorghum-kkaegi," and recalled the subject by tapping his fins.

"From the perspective of ocean geography, ancient and modern, sorghum-kkagi." And, do it slowly. The slow teacher was an old conger.
The teacher gave a lecture once a week, and he taught me not to slow down, but to straighten it out and roll it up."

"Which one?" asked Alice.

The imitation turtle said, "I can't show you in person. I'm too stiff. And I never learned how to play the Gryphon."

"I didn't have time. I went to the classical teacher at that time. He was an old crab. I did," the Gryphon received.

The imitation turtle said, "I couldn't go to him. I heard you taught laughter and sadness." he sighed.

"Yes, I did," sighed the Gryphon this time. Then the two buried their faces in their front feet.

Alice quickly changed the fire and asked, "Then how many hours did you take classes a day?"

replied the imitation turtle. "Ten hours on the first day, nine hours on the next day, that's it."

"What a strange timetable!" cried Alice.

Gryphon said, "So it's a class. I can't do it one by one every day," he replied.

Alice said the thought that quickly came to her mind.
"Then the 11th day is a holiday without classes, right?

"Of course it was," replied the Mock Turtle.

"Then what happens to the twelfth?" asked Alice.

Gryphon cut off the words in a firm voice, saying, "That's enough of the class story," and asked, "Now tell me the story of the game."